Career From June 2009 to February 2013, Sow was a technical advisor to the Prime Minister of Chad for microfinance and sustainable development. From February 2013 to October 2013, Sow was a technical advisor for Economic and Budgetary Affairs at the Presidency of the Republic. From October 2013 to April 2014, Sow held the post of Minister of Microcredits for the Promotion of Women and Youth. From April 2014 to August 2015, Sow was the Secretary of State for Finance and Budget in charge of microfinance. From November 2015 to August 2016, Sow was the Secretary General of the Court of Auditors. From August 2016 to February 2017, Sow was the Secretary of State for Infrastructure and Opening up. From February 5, 2017 to November 21, 2017, Sow was the Secretary of State for Finance and Budget. As of June 2018, Sow was the Chief of Staff to the President of Chad.
Early life Olsi Rama was born in Tirana, Albania to Kristaq Rama, a well-known sculptor born in Durrës who was the creator of numerous statues and monuments during the communist era, and Aneta Rama (née Koleka), a graduate of medicine from Vuno, Vlorë. Olsi is the younger brother of Edi Rama, the current Prime Minister of Albania. Career Olsi played like his brother Edi for Dinamo Tirana basketball till 1996. From 1993-1997 he was Program Officer of the Open Society Foundation for Albania (Soros Foundation) where he was in charge of the Youth, Health, Libraries and the East-East programs. Olsi moved to the United States in April 1997, after his life was threatened by the secret service because of his involvement with Soros, his activity as a journalist with WorldWide Television News (WTN), and his affiliation with other foreign journalist covering the Albanian insurrection. During his stay in USA, Olsi worked as program manager at the Karmanos Cancer Institute in Detroit, MI, one of the 49 comprehensive cancer centers in the United States. In addition, Olsi has also worked as a consultant with SciTech Development LLC, a drug development start-up from Detroit. He has helped SciTech with several projects and with their contract negotiations with the National Cancer Institute and the National Institutes of Health Personal life Olsi currently resides in Tirana, Albania.
Lee Mee-hyun (born 25 October 1994) is a South Korean freestyle skier who competes internationally.
Life He was born on October 29, 1856, in Groton, Tompkins County, New York. He was President of the Standard Typewriter Company which was renamed Corona Typewriter Company in 1914, and merged after his death to form Smith Corona. He was also President of the Groton Mechanics' Bank. Conger was a member of the New York State Assembly (Tompkins Co.) in 1900 and 1901. He was a member of the New York State Senate in 1909 and 1910. In January 1910, he opposed the election of Jotham P. Allds as President pro tempore of the State Senate, and accused Allds of having demanded, and received, a bribe in 1901 when both Conger and Allds had been members of the State Assembly. Eventually Allds was found guilty, and resigned first the presidency pro tempore and then his senate seat. Conger himself also resigned his seat, on April 4, 1910, and retired from politics. He died on February 28, 1922, at his home in Groton, New York, which is now "The Benn Conger Inn".
Biography He was born to a farming family in Villaverde de Íscar on 28 November 1943. He studied at the seminary in Seville and at the Pontifical University of Salamanca. He earned his licentiate in theology in 1966 from the Pontifical Gregorian University. He was ordained a priest on 19 March 1968 by Cardinal Antonio Samorè In 1977 he obtained a doctorate in canon law from Lateran University, while already working in the Nunciature in Nigeria. His other early postings in the diplomatic service of the Holy See included South Africa, Zimbabwe, Yugoslavia, and Guatemala. On 25 July 1994, Pope John Paul II appointed him titular archbishop of Penafiel and Apostolic Nuncio to Tanzania. He received his episcopal consecration from Cardinal Angelo Sodano on 25 July. John Paul made him Nuncio to the Democratic Republic of the Congo on 20 March 1999, during the Second Congo War, where in 2000 he criticized the shelling of Kisangani as a "tragic and unjustified" targeting of the Christian population. He returned to Rome in 2001 and worked in the Section for General Affairs of the Secretariat of State and in December was also made a member of the administrative council of Vatican Television. John Paul made him Nuncio to Croatia on 4 August 2003, and he received his next posting from Pope Benedict XVI as Nuncio to both Romania and Moldova on 10 December 2007. Pope Francis accepted his resignation as Nuncio on 20 July 2015.
Biography The daughter of Senator and Carmela Ossa y Ossa, she studied at the School of the Sacred Heart (English nuns) in Santiago. Beginning in the 1930s, children's literature became prominent in Chile, and Blanca Santa Cruz y Ossa reached her most prolific stage of literary production during that decade. In this context, she established herself as one of the leaders of the genre. In 1929 she began creating compilations of myths and legends of Chile and diverse places around the world. She was linked to other authors of the time, such as Ernesto Montenegro with his 1930 work ''Cuentos de mi Tío Ventura'', Damita Duende with ''Doce cuentos de príncipes y reyes'' and ''Doce cuentos de hadas'' (both in 1938), and Marta Brunet with ''Cuentos para Marisol'' (also published in 1938). Some of her works were illustrated by , such as ''Cuentos chilenos'' (1956), ''El duende del pantano y otros cuentos de Bretaña'' (1992), and ''La escuela de las hadas y otros cuentos'' (1992). Her sister was Elvira Santa Cruz Ossa, editor of ''''.
Audrey Yong (Yong Pei Lin, born October 2, 1994) is a Singaporean sailor. She placed 25th in the women's RS:X event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Club career During his club career he played for Torino, Inter and Pistoiese. Vieri won the Coppa Italia with Torino during the 1967–68 season, and the 1970–71 Serie A with Inter. International career Vieri earned 4 caps for the Italy national football team between 1963 and 1968. He was a backup keeper to Zoff and Albertosi in Italy's victorious 1968 UEFA European Football Championship campaign on home soil under manager Ferruccio Valcareggi, and also at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, where Italy reached the final.
Life Busuttil was born at Sliema, Malta in 1891. He studied at the Lyceum and at the University of Malta, and later joined the Jesuits. He continued his philosophical studies in Jersey, France, and his theology in Posillipo, Naples, in Italy, both centres of Jesuit teaching. He was ordained a priest in 1922. Afterwards, he taught ethics in Ireland, and history of philosophy in Catania, Sicily. In Malta he taught philosophy, apologetics, mathematics, physics, and sociology. Between 1928 and 1945 Busuttil was Prefect of Studies at St. Aloysius College, Malta. During World War II (1939–45) Busuttil would go around cities and villages gathering people in public squares and introducing them to the social teaching of the Catholic Church. After the war he was than especially close to workers who were part of the newly founded General Workers Union, particularly at the shipyards. To people like Busuttil, the main worry in those days was the infiltration of the communist ideology within the workers’ movement. In 1947 he was appointed Spiritual Director of the union, an office he held up till 1951. He died in 1956.
Racing career Laaksonen began his career in 2010 in the Finnish V1600 Cup, he finished eighth in the championship standings that year. He switched to the Finnish Xtreme Race Cup in 2011 and finished fourteenth in the championship standings in both 2011 and 2012. In 2013 he switched to the Porsche GT3 Cup Finland series, taking three podiums in his first season in the championship. Continuing in the series in 2014, he took two wins and five podiums, finishing seventh in the championship standings that year. He only entered four races in the series in 2015, but still took one victory and two podiums. He also raced in the 2015 24 Hours of Nürburgring, finishing twelfth in the SP7 class. In 2016 he switched to the all new 2016 ADAC TCR Germany Touring Car Championship In August 2016 it was announced that he would race in the TCR International Series, driving a SEAT León Cup Racer for LMS Racing.
Pau Faner Coll, (Menorca, 1949) is a Spanish novelist and painter. He won numerous prizes, such as the 1988 Ramon Llull Novel Award, for his literary works which are usually centered on mythical themes.
Biography Jean Rousset began his studies in law, before changing to literature. He studied under Albert Thibaudet and Marcel Raymond and after working as a French lecturer in Halle and Munich, became professor at the University of Geneva. His thesis on French literature of the baroque period, published under the title ''La Littérature de l’âge baroque en France : Circé et le paon'', was an immense critical success. It was one of the first studies to use the term "baroque" – which had been, up to that point, used exclusively in art history – to refer to literary works. Under the signs of the sorceress Circe and the ornamental peacock (''paon''), and following the art historical analysis of Heinrich Wölfflin, Rousset explored movement, instability, ostentation, decoration and metamorphosis in the plays, novels and poetry of the period. He would return to the same period in his ''L’Intérieur et l’extérieur : essais sur la poésie et le théâtre au XVIIe siècle''. His 1963 work, his book ''Forme et signification'' explored new theoretical possibilities; Jacques Derrida has called it one of the principal works of early structuralism. Distancing himself from the phenomenological approach of his friends and associates Georges Poulet and Jean-Pierre Richard, Rousset focussed on formal elements such as narrative structure in determining the meaning of a work. He would continue on this formal and narratological approach in his ''Narcisse romancier : essai sur la première personne dans le roman'' (which explored the role of first person narration in novels) and ''Le Lecteur intime''. In this way, his work of this period shares many characteristics with the work of Gérard Genette. His later works of theory and criticism were however less centered on a purely structural approach. His ''"Leurs yeux se rencontrèrent" : la scène de première vue dans le roman'' explored the common place of "love at first sight" in the novel. His last book, ''Dernier regard sur le baroque'', was a final assessment of theory and theoretical debates concerning the baroque period.
Xu Zhiqiang (Chinese: 许志强) (born 4 March 1963) is a former male Chinese gymnast.
W. G. Barlow in a Bentley at Brooklands, August 1922.
James David (J.D.) Greear (born May 1, 1973) is the Pastor of The Summit Church in Durham, North Carolina (a position he has held since January 2002) and the 62nd President of the Southern Baptist Convention. Before coming to work at The Summit he worked with the International Mission Board. He entered the Ph.D. program at Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary in 1999, graduating in 2003 with a doctorate in Philosophy, concentrating primarily on Christian and Islamic theology. He preceded this degree by graduating from Word of Life Bible Institute and then receiving his Bachelor of Arts from Campbell University. Greear comes from Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Henry Sebastian D'Souza (20 January 1926 – 27 June 2016) was an Indian Roman Catholic bishop.
Amateur career During his amateur career, Zewski became a four-time Canadian National Champion and achieved a record of 138–29. He won a bronze medal at the 2007 Canada Games, and upset Cuban Carlos Banteux at the 2009 World Amateur Boxing Championships. Zewski beat Jack Culcay two months prior to the World Championships in a Germany-Canada clash. Culcay won the World Championships. Professional career Upon turning professional, he was first signed to now defunct TKO Promotions in early 2010. After the end of operations of his original promoter, Mikael became the first Canadian boxer to sign with Oscar De La Hoya's Golden Boy Promotions, but later decided to sign with rival Top Rank.
Ole Svanøe (28 March 1781 – 29 December 1859) was a Norwegian merchant, farmer, landowner and politician. He served as a member of the Norwegian Parliament.
Arsens Miskarovs (born 3 March 1961) is a Latvian former swimmer who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Career Marco Tempest is best known as a magician/performance artist who combines video, computer graphics and other technology of the moment with the ideas and technology of magic. His television series ''The Virtual Magician'' has aired in some 49 markets worldwide. A native of Zurich, Switzerland, Tempest won numerous awards as a youngster for his use of illusion with contemporary choreography. While still in his teens, he became one of Europe's top professional magicians as part of the duo United Artists. Collaborating with Martin Cottet, Tempest presented an unusual four-hands "flash act" in showrooms and on television throughout Europe and Asia.
George Dayton (October 2, 1827 – November 1902) was a New Jersey merchant and politician.
Career Chkiantz was the recording engineer of the Small Faces self-titled debut album, recorded for Andrew Loog Oldham's Immediate Records label. Chkiantz was a staff engineer at Olympic Studios at the same time that the Jimi Hendrix Experience was recording ''Axis: Bold As Love''. During the session with the Small Faces, Chkiantz engineered the song "Green Circles", which represented the first use of mono flanging on a pop record; he subsequently perfected the technique on their landmark 1967 single "Itchycoo Park". Upon hearing the result, Jimi Hendrix and his engineer, Eddie Kramer applied Chkiantz's concepts, creating stereo phasing on the songs "Bold As Love" and "Little Wing". Deciding to utilize his abilities more fully, Hendrix hired Chkiantz to customise the studio's equipment for ''Axis''. Chkiantz was credited in the production as "tape operator." Hendrix used to refer to George Chkiantz and Eddie Kramer's stereo phasing technique as the sound he had been "hearing in his dreams". Chkiantz also worked with the group Family, who appeared on the bill with the Rolling Stones at Hyde Park in July 1969, before assisting Glyn Johns on the Stones' album ''Let It Bleed''. In the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s, he worked with The Soft Machine, Savoy Brown, Ten Years After, King Crimson and Led Zeppelin.
Johnny Rivera is an American salsa singer of Puerto Rican descent.
Andipatti Maharajan is an Indian politician and is Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as a Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Andipatti Constituency in the by-election in 2019.
Early life Francis Bernasconi was the son of Bartholomew (Bartolomeo) Bernasconi (died 1786), who hailed from a family of architects and stuccoists from the environs of Lugano, Switzerland. He is likely to have been related to the ornamental plasterer Bernardo or Bernato Bernasconi, "a poor man with a large fameley in the town of Buckingham". His more distant cousins of the same Lugano dynasty included various architects, sculptors and stuccatore active in Italy, Germany, Spain and Russia. Death He died on 1 January 1841 from asthma at his home of 19 Alfred Place, Bloomsbury, London.
Early life and education Eunice's great-grandfather Rev. Richard Mather 1675. Portrait believed to be of John Williams, c. 1707 Eunice Williams was born on 17 September 1696, the daughter of the Puritan minister John Williams and his wife Eunice Mather Williams. On 29 February 1704, the Williams' home was attacked during a raid on the settlement led by French and allied Abenaki and Mohawk fighters. Later called the Deerfield Massacre, the event was part of a series of raids and conflicts between the French and English, and their Indian allies, during Queen Anne's War in the early 18th century. The Indians killed numerous settlers in their houses, including Eunice's six-week-old sister Jerusha and younger brother John Williams, Jr. They took captive more than 100 settlers, including 7-year-old Eunice, her parents, and four of her siblings. The captives were taken on a strenuous march northward. The next day, a Mohawk warrior killed her mother after she fell while crossing the icy waters of the Green River. Others of the youngest and oldest captives were killed if they could not keep up with the large party. Eunice and the surviving members of her family reached Fort Chambly in Quebec six weeks later; from there she was taken to Kahnawake, a settlement of Catholic Mohawks south of Montreal across the St. Lawrence River. She was adopted by a woman who had recently lost her own daughter in a smallpox epidemic. Eunice was given the symbolic name ''Waongote'', meaning "one who is planted like an Ashe", and was instructed in the Mohawk language and customs, and catechized in the Roman Catholic religion. When she converted to Catholicism, she was baptized ''Marguerite''. When the survivors of Deerfield learned that their captured relatives and neighbors were being held in Quebec, they began negotiations through various intermediaries to ransom them. During these years, Rev. Williams was allowed to meet with Eunice on two occasions; both times he responded to her requests for guidance by telling her to frequently recite the Puritan Catechism. Later life When the senior Williams' ransom and freedom were arranged about three years later, he thought to have Eunice reunited with him. The French told an intermediary that this was impossible because the Mohawk with whom she was forced to live with "would as soon part with their hearts as the child," as she was the replacement for their child who had recently passed away. The French government would not generally interfere when the Mohawk adopted captives, even if they were European. He was able to redeem his other children, who returned to live in Massachusetts. Eunice became fully assimilated into the tribe, at age 16 marrying a young Mohawk man, François-Xavier Arosen, age 25. They had three children together. Nonetheless, Rev. Williams, succeeded by his son Stephen, continued through the years to try to ransom and later persuade Eunice to rejoin her New England family. Eunice, called ''Kanenstenhawi'' as her adult Mohawk name, finally returned to New England in 1741, by which time her father had died. Her brother Stephen had kept in touch with her. When Eunice and her husband went to Massachusetts, it was with a guide and interpreter, as they spoke only Mohawk and French. She made two more visits to her Williams family, bringing her children with her and one year staying for an extended period through the winter.
Raúl Cordero in 2008
Lloyd Averall Letherby (July 27, 1900 – January 4, 1968) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1954 to 1967 who represented the central Ontario riding of Simcoe East.
Early life Born in the small town of Advance, Missouri, Broshuis attended high school at Advance High School, where he graduated valedictorian with a perfect 4.0 GPA. Named All-State in both basketball and baseball, he also was selected as one of Missouri's Top 100 High School Scholars. Attending the University of Missouri on both academic and an athletic scholarships, he graduated with a bachelor's degree in Psychology with minors in Political Science and Spanish in 2004. His 3.92 GPA solidified his first team Academic All-American status, while also leading to his selection as Missouri's nominee for the Big 12 Conference's 2004 Student-Athlete of the Year. Baseball career Broshuis finished his career with the Missouri Tigers baseball team in 2004, after a perfect 11-0 season. While there he played with future Major League Baseball stars such as Ian Kinsler and Max Scherzer. He helped lead the Tigers to two NCAA Regional appearances. The San Francisco Giants selected Broshuis in the fifth round of the 2004 MLB Draft. Upon being drafted by the Giants, Broshuis was assigned to the short-season Salem-Keizer Volcanoes of the Northwest League before moving on to the San Jose Giants of the California League. In 2005, Broshuis went back to San Jose where he finished second in the league in wins and in the top 10 in ERA. This led to a late-season promotion to the Fresno Grizzlies of the Pacific Coast League, a Triple-A league. In 2006, Broshuis was sent to the Connecticut Defenders of the Eastern League, where he played for the next three years, leading the league in losses during the 2007 campaign before finishing second in the league in wins during the 2008 season. Writing career In 2006, Broshuis began writing a blog for ''The Sporting News''. He did this for three years, writing over 100 articles in a Life in the Minors column. He also wrote pieces for The New London Day newspaper. Broshuis currently writes for Baseball America, and has also written for St. Louis Sports Magazine. He also actively maintains a blog called Life in the Minors at http://minorleaguelife.blogspot.com/. Law career Broshuis enrolled in the Saint Louis University School of Law. For the 2011-2012 school year, Broshuis was a staff member for Volume 56 of the Saint Louis University Law Journal. Broshuis was recently selected to be the Editor-in-Chief for Volume 57 of the Journal. Broshuis is one of the lawyers representing former minor league players Aaron Senne, Michael Liberto, and Oliver Odle, in their lawsuit against Major League Baseball for violating wage and overtime laws.
Zhang Shunfang (born 16 June 1966) is a Chinese sailor. She competed in the Europe event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Early life Born in Brunswick County, Virginia, Broadnax graduated from Hampden-Sydney College having studied law, and later received an honorary Master of Arts degree from there in 1830 at age forty-four following his service as a delegate to the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1829-1830. Career The Virginia Capitol at Richmond VAwhere 19th century Conventions met Brodnax began practicing the Law in Petersburg, Virginia. Brodnax twice served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, once from 1818–1819 and again from 1830–1833. He was also a member of the American Colonization Society. Over the course of a military career in the Virginia militia, Brodnax attained the rank of Brigadier General. In 1824, he was appointed by the Virginia state legislature to meet General Lafayette on his arrival at Baltimore, Maryland. He served as the chief marshal at Yorktown, Virginia, when Lafayette visited. Early on in his political career, Brodnax was a member of the Whig Party. Broadnax was a presidential elector in 1825. He served as a delegate in the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1829-1830 as one of four delegates from the state senatorial district including his home county of Dinwiddie, Brunswick, Lunenburg and Mecklenburg. In August 1831, Brodnax served as commanding general of the Virginia militia during the Nat Turner slave rebellion in Southampton County, Virginia. The next month he represented, along with his brother Meriwether Brodnax, several slaves accused of participating in Nat Turner's slave rebellion. Neither of those assertions are supported by the Southampton County, Virginia court minutes. Brodnax is not mentioned in those records, and his brother Meriwether B. Brodnax (sometimes written Merewether B. Broadnax) was a prosecutor, not a defense counsel. He was listed in Sussex County Court records. Gen. Eppes was in command of the troops in the area. In 1832 during the Virginia legislature's debate about slavery Brodnax spoke in favor of colonization of free African Americans. Death Brodnax died on October 23, 1834 and his will was probated in Dinwiddie County in December 1834.
Brandon M. Stickney (born 1967 in Lockport, New York) is an American journalist and author. He was a newspaper reporter at the Lockport Union-Sun & Journal from 1990–1995. He is also the author of ''All-American Monster: The Unauthorized Biography of Timothy McVeigh''. Stickney has written about the Seven Sutherland Sisters.
Graham Frederick Cross (born 15 November 1943 in Leicester) is a former professional footballer and cricketer. He is the record appearance holder for Leicester City, making 599 appearances for the club in all competitions.
Life and work Michael Davidson was born into an upper-middle-class family in Guernsey in 1897. He was educated at Lancing. Davidson joined the army in 1914. After being wounded in 1916, he became a newspaper reporter and a supporter of the Communist Party. He translated a number of anti-Nazi books. When he lived in Berlin in early to mid-1930s, he wrote newspaper articles about the full implications of Hitler's ideology, which he had seen up-close, but British newspapers were not interested in publishing the articles. After being harassed by the SA for being British, a communist, and a homosexual, Davidson fled Germany. He spent the rest of his life serving as a foreign correspondent for The Observer, The News Chronicle, The New York Times and other newspapers. At age 26, Davidson met W. H. Auden, then 16, and they began a "poetic relationship". Davidson mentored Auden and helped him getting published. Davidson was open with his love for adolescent boys. His 1962 autobiography "The World, the Flesh and Myself" begins: "This is the life-history of a lover of boys." His follow-up memoir "Some Boys" (1970) focused entirely on the boys he had met around the world, while working as a foreign correspondent.
Early life and education The only child of parents who escaped from Nazi-occupied Vienna to Cyprus, from where they were subsequently evacuated along with other Jewish refugees in 1941, Bandler was born in Jerusalem. After the War, his parents returned to Cyprus, where Bandler attended the Junior School in Nicosia, and, for a year, The English School in Nicosia. After a brief stay in Vienna in 1956, he left for England and completed his schooling in London. He entered Imperial College of Science and Technology, University of London, in 1960, graduating in 1963 with First Class Honours in Electrical Engineering; and in 1967 with a Ph.D. in Microwaves. In 1976 he received his D.Sc. (Eng.) from the University of London in Microwaves, Computer-aided Design, and Optimization of Circuits and Systems. Career He worked as an engineer at Mullard Research Laboratories (later called Philips Research Laboratories), Redhill, Surrey, England, from 1966 to 1967. From 1967 to 1969 he was a Postdoctoral Fellow and Sessional Lecturer at the University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, Canada. In 1969, he joined McMaster University, Hamilton, Canada, as Assistant Professor, becoming Associate Professor in 1971, and Professor in 1974. Bandler became Professor Emeritus in 2000. He served as chairman of the Department of Electrical Engineering from 1978 to 1979 and dean of the Faculty of Engineering from 1979 to 1981. At McMaster University he was coordinator of the Group on Simulation, Optimization and Control from 1973 until 1983, when he formed the Simulation Optimization Systems Research Laboratory. In 1983 Bandler founded Optimization Systems Associates Inc. (OSA), the company was acquired by Hewlett-Packard in 1997. OSA technology became part of HP EEsof, passing on to Agilent Technologies and then to Keysight Technologies. In 2012, a special session at the IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium paid tribute to Bandler on the occasion of his 70th birthday for more than forty-five years of contributions to the field of microwave theory and techniques. In 2013, Bandler reviewed the emergence and history of space mapping in IEEE Canadian Review. It spans two decades of development and engineering applications. In 2018, marking a quarter century since his discovery of space mapping this paper was re-set and reprinted in IEEE Microwave Magazine. In 2016, Rayas-Sanchez reviewed the state of the art of aggressive space mapping, a methodology pioneered by Bandler and his team.
Biography Jebsen was born and grew up in Berger, Vestfold, where his father Jens Johannes Jebsen ran two large textile mills. His mother was Agnes Marie Tofte and they had married in 1884. After elementary school he went through middle school and gymnasium in Oslo. He showed already then particular talents for mathematical topics. After the final examen artium in 1906, he did not continue his academic studies at a university as would be normal at that time. He was meant to enter his father's company and spent for that purpose two years in Aachen in Germany where he studied textile manufacturing. After a shorter stay in England, he came back to Norway and started to work with his father. But his interests for natural science took over so that in 1909 he started this field of study at University of Oslo. His work there was interrupted in the period 1911-12 when he was an assistant for Sem Sæland at the newly established Norwegian Institute of Technology (NTH) in Trondheim. Back in Oslo he took up investigations of X-ray crystallography with Lars Vegard. With his help he could pursue this work at University of Berlin starting in the spring of 1914. That was at the same time as Einstein took up his new position there. ===Theory of relativity=== During the stay in Berlin it became clear that his main interests were in theoretical physics and electrodynamics in particular. This is central to Einstein's special theory of relativity and would define his future work back in Norway. From 1916 he took a new job as assistant in Trondheim, but had to resign after a year because of health problems. In the summer of 1917 he married tMagnhild Andresen in Oslo and they had a child a year later. They had then moved back to his parents home in Berger where he worked alone on a larger treatise with the title ''Versuch einer elektrodynamischen Systematik''. It was finished a year later in 1918 and he hoped that it could be used to obtain a doctors degree at the university. In the fall the same year he received treatment at a sanatorium for what turned out to be tuberculosis. The faculty at the University in Oslo sent Jebsen's thesis for evaluation to Carl Wilhelm Oseen at the University of Uppsala. He had some critical comments with the result that it was approved for the more ordinary cand.real. degree. But Oseen had found this student so promising that he shortly thereafter was invited to work with him. Jebsen came to Uppsala in the fall of 1919 where he could follow lectures by Oseen on general relativity. ===Jebsen-Birkhoff theorem=== At that time it was natural to study the exact solution of Einstein’s equations for the metric outside a static, spherical mass distribution found by Karl Schwarzschild in 1916. Jebsen set out to extend this achievement to the more general case for a spherical mass distribution that varied with time. This would be of relevance for pulsating stars. After a relative short time he came to the surprising result that the static Schwarzschild solution still gives the exact metric tensor outside the mass distribution. It means that such a spherical, pulsating star will not emit gravitational waves. During the spring 1920 he hoped to get the results published through the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. This was met by some difficulties, but after the intervention by Oseen it was accepted for publication in a Swedish journal for the natural sciences where it appeared the following year. His work did not seem to generate much interest. One reason can be that the Swedish journal was not so well-known abroad. A couple of years later it was rediscovered by George David Birkhoff who included it in a popular science book he wrote. Thus it became known as "Birkhoff's theorem." The original discovery of Jebsen was pointed out first in 2005, and translated into English. From that time on it is now more often called the Jebsen-Birkhoff theorem. Most modern-day proofs are along the lines of the original Jebsen derivation. ===Final years=== Einstein came on a visit to Oslo in June 1920. He would give three public lectures about the theory of relativity after the invitation by the Student Society. Jebsen was also there, but it is not clear if he met him personally. In the fall the same year Jebsen traveled with his family to Bolzano in northern Italy in order to find a milder climate to improve his deteriorating health. Here he wrote the first Norwegian presentation of the differential geometry used in general relativity. He also found time to write a popular book on Galileo Galilei and his struggle with the church. But his health did not improve and he died there on January 7, 1922. A few weeks later he was buried near his home in Norway.
Early life and education Thorburn was educated in Hamilton Academy, which he left at 16 to work under a training agreement with a civil engineering contractor, and studied during the evening at the Royal Technical College, Glasgow — now the University of Strathclyde. Career In 1966 Thorburn founded the consultancy known latterly as Thorburn Colquhoun . The company was taken over by American Consultant URS in 1999 . One of his significant projects was the design of Ibrox Stadium, Glasgow Thorburn was Chairman of the Glasgow and West of Scotland Association of the Institution of Civil Engineers for the session 1975-76 He was appointed to the Football Licensing Authority formed in 1990 after Lord Justice Taylor's Report on the Hillsborough Disaster in 1989 . He served on the Football Licensing Authority between 1993 and 2001 . He was chairman of the Working Party responsible for the fourth edition of the Guide to Safety at Sports Grounds (The Green Guide 1997). He was appointed first chairman of the new Scottish Registration Board for Approved Certifiers of Design (Building Structures) formed in 2004
Troels Brun Folmann (born 10 January 1974 in Copenhagen) is a Danish composer specialised in epic orchestral music featured in TV shows, trailers and video games, such as the ''Tomb Raider'' series, and commercial/trailers for films such as ''Spider-Man 3'', ''X-Men: The Last Stand'', ''The Illusionist'' and ''10,000 BC'', and the fourth season of TV series ''America's Got Talent''. He has worked on the ''Tomb Raider'' series with Crystal Dynamics for ''Tomb Raider: Legend'', ''Tomb Raider: Anniversary'' and ''Tomb Raider: Underworld'', and the spin-off ''Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light'', refreshing for the first time the classical music style of the old series coming with a new way of perceiving Lara's scores, a much more electronic approach and trailer modern orchestral feeling.
Personal life The Astros drafted and signed his younger brother Matt (6 ft 5 in; 235 lbs.), another Cal Lutheran right-handed pitcher, in the 30th round in 2005. Matt went 1–2, 5.61, in 2005 at Rookie-level Greeneville. Released by the Astros on June 12, 2006, Matt signed with the St. Louis Cardinals in September 2006. He never pitched in the Cardinals' organization and finished his career with two independent league teams in 2007. Hirsh is Jewish, and he keeps track of all the Jewish players in major league baseball. In 2007, the Rockies had a strong Christian influence in their clubhouse; ''The New York Times'' said, "Christianity rocks in Colorado's clubhouse." On this, Hirsh said, "There are guys who are religious, sure, but they don’t impress it upon anybody. It’s not like they hung a cross in my locker or anything. They’ve accepted me for who I am, and what I believe in." He married Pamela Clark in 2007. On November 5, 2009, Hirsh and his wife had a baby boy, Brady Antoine Hirsh.
Antoni Cerdan (born 1955) is a Catalan painter and sculptor.
Ndiatte Gueye (born January 19, 1985) is a Senegalese sprint canoeist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's C-1 200 metres and C-1 1000 metres.
Manuel 'Manu' Micó Yébana (born 18 July 1986 in Valencia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back.
Career Kishio Suga was born in Morioka, Iwate Prefecture. From 1964 to 1968, he was a student in the painting department at Tama Art University in Tokyo. While at Tama, Suga read the writings of Jean Baudrillard, Gilles Deleuze, Kitarō Nishida, Kei Nishitani, Nāgārjuna, and Vasubandhu. During this period, two artists who taught at the university were important influences on Suga. Yoshishige Saito encouraged Suga and other students to take a deconstructive approach to modernism and Euro-American-centric art theory. Another influential teacher was the artist Jiro Takamatsu, whose illusionistic paintings and sculpture were central to the development of the Tokyo art scene at that time. Suga’s early work reflected this approach. In his first solo exhibition, at Tsubaki Kindai Gallery, Tokyo, in November 1968, Suga presented ''Space Transformation'' (1968) (転移空間), a freestanding structure of red-painted wood that gave the illusion of a stack of boxes collapsing under their own weight. At the same time as Suga was producing these illusionistic paintings and sculptures, he was already shifting to an engagement with raw materials in works such as ''Layered Space'' (1968) (積層空間), a transparent acrylic box containing layers of sawdust, cotton, ashes, plastic dust, and soil. In the second half of 1968, this exploration of raw materials, ephemerality and space gained recognition as a broader movement. Lee Ufan presented his first work juxtaposing rocks and steel plates. At the 1st Kobe Suma Rikyū Park ''Contemporary Sculpture Exhibition'' (第一回野外彫刻展), Nobuo Sekine presented ''Phase—Mother Earth'' (位相—大地), a cylindrical hole in the earth, 2.7 meters deep and 2.2 meters in diameter, with the excavated earth molded into a cylinder of exactly the same dimensions. By 1973, Kishio Suga, Lee Ufan, Nobuo Sekine, and other artists such as Susumu Koshimizu, Katsuro Yoshida, and Kōji Enokura, became collectively known as Mono-ha (literally “School of Things”). Suga came to articulate his ideas in terms of ''hōchi'' (放置, release), an act that highlights the reality of ''mono'' (もの, things) and their interdependence with the surrounding ''jōkyō'' (状況, situation, context, or expanse). In his ongoing investigation of "situation" and the "activation (アクティベーション) of existence," Suga has produced many installations that are emblematic of the Mono-ha approach. ''Infinite Situation I (window) '' (1970) (無限状況), consisted of two blocks of wood of different lengths propping open adjacent windows in a staircase at the Trends in Contemporary Art exhibition at the National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto, in 1970. In 1971, Suga created ''Law of Situation'' (状況律), the artist placed ten flat stones in a line on a 20-meter-long pane of glass and floated it on the surface of a lake in Tokiwa Park, Ube City, Yamaguchi Prefecture. ''In the State of Equal Dimension'' (1973) (等間体) is made up of two tall, forked branches that support a length of rope at four points along a corner of the gallery wall; each end of the rope is tied to a rock that rests on the floor."In the State of Equal Dimension (Tōkantai)", 1973 Branches, rope, stoneCourtesy of the artist and Blum & Poe ''Law of Multitude'' (1975) (多分律) consisted of an undulating expanse of transparent plastic sheeting laid on some dozens of concrete columns, each one topped by a single stone. "Law of Multitude (Tabunritsu)", 1975Dimensions variable overall, vinyl, stone, cement blocksCourtesy of the artist and Blum & Poe In addition to his site-specific installations, Suga also makes smaller assemblages that display on the wall or floor. Suga variously ties, binds, stacks, cuts, glues, paints, tapes, wedges, leans, peels, nails, screws, carves, bends, and folds these materials into their current forms.
Career ===Speaker of Parliament (1st term)=== In 2005, Sheikh Sharif Hassan was opposed to the establishment of a new capital in Jowhar, which was the preference of President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed and Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi, demanding the capital be returned to Mogadishu. Baidoa was selected as a compromise location. On October 6, 2005, he was quoted as saying, "In my view, Ethiopia does not want a functioning government in Somalia and I want to see that the world knows this. Even if Ethiopia does want a government here, it wants a fiefdom government - multiple governments which are all weak." On January 17, 2007, the Parliament voted to oust him due to his opposition of a peacekeeping force for Somalia and his expressions of support and unauthorized meetings with the Islamic Courts Union (ICU) which acted against the Transitional Federal Government (TFG) and his opposition to Ethiopian intervention in the 2006–2009 Somali War, with 183 votes against him, eight in favor and one abstention. Justice Minister Adan Mohamed Nuur became his successor in Parliamentary elections on January 31, 2007, and sworn in on February 3, 2007. ===Finance Minister=== On February 20, 2009, Sharif Hassan was appointed as Finance minister and Deputy Prime Minister of Somalia by Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke. ===Speaker of Parliament (2nd term)=== ====Election==== On May 25, 2010, Sharif Hassan was re-elected Speaker of the Transitional Federal Government's Parliament. ====Stand-off==== On October 14, 2010, President of Somalia Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed appointed former First Secretary in the Somali embassy in Washington, Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, as the nation's new Prime Minister. A row between Speaker of Parliament Sharif Hassan and the President then developed over whether the scheduled vote of confidence on Mohamed's nomination should be decided by a show of hands or via a secret ballot. Sharif Hassan favored a secret ballot while Sharif Ahmed preferred hand-raising, with the deciding voting session repeatedly postponed. The Supreme Court of Somalia subsequently ruled that the vote should be conducted by a show of hands, consistent with how previous confirmation votes in parliament had been decided since 1960. A delegation from the UN, AU and IGAD, including the Special Envoy to Somalia, also flew in to attempt to help resolve the impasse. On October 31, 2010, the vote of confidence was held, with lawmakers overwhelmingly approving Mohamed's appointment as Prime Minister. 297 of the 392 Members of Parliament endorsed the selection via hand-raising; 92 MPs voted against and 3 abstained. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon also issued a statement commending the Somali leadership for having reached a consensus on procedural arrangements that facilitated a transparent and consultative confirmation of the new Premier. ====Kampala Accord==== After months of political infighting between the Speaker of Parliament Sharif Hassan and President Sharif Ahmed over whether to hold presidential elections in August 2011, the two politicians struck a deal in Kampala on June 9, 2011 to postpone the vote for a new President and parliamentary Speaker for one year in exchange for the resignation of the Premier within a period of thirty days. Overseen by the Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni and the U.N. Special Envoy to Somalia Augustine Mahiga, the signed Kampala Accord would also see the well-regarded technocratic Cabinet that Prime Minister Mohamed had assembled in November 2010 re-composed to make way for a new government. Political analysts have suggested that the agreement may have been a bid on President Sharif Ahmed's part to fend off attempts by the Speaker of Parliament Sharif Hassan to force him from power by pre-emptively "sacrificing" the Premier. Sharif Hassan is also reported to harbor presidential ambitions of his own. Announcement of Prime Minister Mohamed's proposed resignation was immediately met with protests in various cities. Thousands of civilians, many government soldiers, and some legislators marched through the streets of Mogadishu, calling for the dismissal of the President, the Parliament Speaker and the Parliament. The crowd also demanded that the Premier be reinstated and described Mohamed as the "only honest leader in recent years". Posters of the UN Special Envoy were symbolically burned, with protestors appealing to the UN Secretary General to dismiss Mahiga due to what many felt was the latter's infringement on Somalia's sovereignty through his signing of the Kampala agreement. Attacks on hotels in which members of parliament were staying and at least five deaths were also reported. Additional demonstrations against the Premier's resignation were held in Galkacyo, a key trading city in the north-central Mudug region, as well as in Belet Hawo in the far south. Internationally, protests also reportedly took place in Cairo, Nairobi, Johannesburg, Sydney, London, Rome, Stockholm, Minneapolis and Toronto. In response, Prime Minister Mohamed released a statement through the state-run Radio Mogadishu commending the military for its rapid response and urging its troops to exercise restraint. He also appealed to the public to calm down, and indicated that "I have seen your expressions and heard your calls... You are part of the decision making — what you want must be heard." Additionally, in a press conference, the Premier called for the immediate release of all protestors who had been detained, and stated that his administration would launch an independent investigation into their arrest. Weighing in on the demonstrations, Mogadishu's Mayor Mohamed Nur suggested that "what the demonstrators have a problem with is that two people go and decide the fate of this government without considering the feelings of this population", and that putting the issue before Parliament for approval is a more democratic course of action. On June 11, 2011, Prime Minister Mohamed released a statement indicating that the Kampala decision ought to be presented in Parliament for debate and appraised according to the laws stipulated in the national constitution. The Premier also stated that he would only step down if lawmakers voted to uphold the accord. This was echoed by the Cabinet, which indicated in a press release that, after having convened to discuss the Kampala decision, the Ministers agreed that the accord must be put before Parliament for evaluation. In addition, over 200 parliamentarians reportedly sought to urge the Prime Minister to reconvene Parliament so as to deliberate the decision, indicating in a separate statement that the accord deprived MPs of their legislative role vis-a-vis the government. On June 12, 2011, President Sharif Ahmed released a statement wherein he condemned the protests, describing them as "illegal". He also suggested that some government officials were financing the rallies in Mogadishu, and warned that the Al-Shabaab group of Islamists that is waging war against the federal government could try to exploit the gatherings to launch terrorist attacks. The same day, news reports surfaced indicating that UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon would sack Special Envoy Augustine Mahiga on account of a lack of tangible progress made and public confidence in Mahiga's work in Somalia. UN sources also stated that, due to prevalent allegations of graft, the Secretary General would fire half of the senior staff in various UN bureaus, including the UNPOS, UNDP, UNICEF, WHO and OCHA. In an interview on June 16, 2011, Undersecretary for Foreign Affairs of Italy, Alfredo Mantica, expressed support for Prime Minister Mohamed's position with regard to the Kampala agreement. Mantica stated that the Italian government believed that the accord ought to be reviewed in Parliament. He also indicated that "the prime minister has been in office five months. And it is too early to judge his work. But what he has done so far has been very positive. It has achieved important results. The government already seemed a miracle... The strength of the instability in Somalia is a constant. And the prime minister represents stability." On June 19, 2011, Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed resigned from his position as Prime Minister of Somalia. Part of the controversial Kampala Accord's conditions, the agreement would also see the mandates of the President, the Parliament Speaker and Deputies extended until August 2012, after which point new elections are to be organized. In his farewell speech, Prime Minister Mohamed indicated that he was stepping down in "the interest of the Somali people and the current situation in Somalia". He also thanked his Cabinet for its efforts in improving the security situation and the standards of governance in the country. Abdiweli Mohamed Ali, Mohamed's former Minister of Planning and International Cooperation, was appointed as Acting Premier later the same day. A few days later, on June 23, 2011, Ali was named permanent Prime Minister. Prime Minister Mohamed's resignation was immediately met with anger by the general public and many lawmakers. Apprehension regarding a possible resurgence of governmental corruption and lassitude, long-standing problems which Mohamed's administration had made significant strides toward eradicating, were cited as primary reasons for the consternation. According to one legislator, many policy-makers are trying to repeal the Kampala decision, as it also "subjects the country to trusteeship." Another MP indicated that "lawmakers are united in their opposition to the deal" and "will object to it until we throw it away". Observers have suggested that Mohamed's resignation could offer militants an opportunity to capitalize on the situation and set back the territorial gains made by his administration in the ongoing insurgency in southern Somalia. They have also opined that firing the Premier would not resolve the long-standing power struggle between President Sharif Ahmed and Parliament Speaker Sharif Hassan, but may inadvertently exacerbate and prolong it. Additionally, political analysts have suggested that the Kampala agreement presents other potential long-term issues, such as facilitating intervention and meddling by neighboring countries, with the Ugandan government's role as the final arbiter, in particular, cited as problematic. Responding to the Kampala decision, the Al-Shabaab insurgent group's head of policy and regions, Sheikh Hussein Ali Fidow, told reporters on June 22, 2011 that the accord ended in failure since it was "an example of how the country is managed by Uganda" and that "it is clear for the Somali people and the international community that the Kampala meeting on Somalia was aimed to coerce the Prime Minister Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed to step down". In addition, the spokesman suggested that Somalia's citizenry was aware of what was going on and that it did not recognize President Sharif Ahmed and the Parliament Speaker Sharif Hassan as legitimate governmental authorities. He also reiterated his group's call for Ugandan troops to withdraw from the country. On June 24, 2011, lawmakers reaffirmed their opposition to and intention of repealing the Kampala decision. The Chairman of the federal Information, Public Awareness, Culture and Heritage Committee, Awad Ahmed Ashareh, indicated that 165 legislators had tendered a motion in Parliament opposing the agreement, but the Speaker rebuffed it. Ashareh also stated that MPs would issue a vote of no confidence vis-a-vis the Speaker Hassan if he continued to refuse to permit debate to take place, suggesting that Hassan's refusal "contravenes the Charter and rules of procedure." Following talks with parliamentarians, President Sharif Ahmed asserted on June 28, 2011 that, on account of opposition amongst legislators to the Kampala decision, the accord would be brought before Parliament for deliberation. He also indicated that the agreement would not be implemented unless approved by lawmakers. ====Post-transition==== In February 2012, Sharif Hassan and other Somali government officials met in the northeastern town of Garowe to discuss post-transition political arrangements. After extensive deliberations attended by regional actors and international observers, the conference ended in a signed agreement between the Parliamentary Speaker, TFG President Sharif Ahmed, Prime Minister Abdiweli Mohamed Ali, Puntland President Abdirahman Mohamed Farole, Galmudug President Mohamed Ahmed Alim and Ahlu Sunnah Wal Jama'a representative Khalif Abdulkadir Noor stipulating that: a) a new 225 member bicameral parliament would be formed, with a lower house and an upper house seating 54 Senators; b) 30% of the National Constituent Assembly (NCA) is earmarked for women; c) the President is to be appointed via a constitutional election; and d) the Prime Minister is selected by the President and he/she then names his/her Cabinet. On June 23, 2012, the Somali federal and regional leaders met again and approved a draft constitution after several days of deliberation. The National Constituent Assembly overwhelmingly passed the new constitution on August 1, with 96% voting for it, 2% against it, and 2% abstaining. ===Federal Parliament=== On 20 August 2012, Sharif Hassan was among the legislators nominated to the newly established Federal Parliament of Somalia. ===Southwestern State of Somalia=== On 17 November 2014, Sharif Hassan was elected President of the three region Southwestern State of Somalia.
Maravarman Vikkiraman II () was a Pandyan king, who ruled regions of South India between 1250–1251 CE.
Early life She was born in Buea general hospital 14 October 1992, a daughter of Onyama Judith. She started her primary school in Buea and later moved to Yaounde, In 2009 she had a degree in Linguistic at the University of Buea. She is a native of Basossi of Southwest Region (Cameroon) and Oshie in the Northwest Region (Cameroon). Career Laura, developed interest in acting in 2009 and her first appearance in a movie was in 2011 ''Heavy Rain''. She is the president of Cameroon Film Guild in Limbe branch
Stina Högkvist is a Swedish art curator and an art historian.
Personal life Dijon was born in Columbia, South Carolina, to Kim Cohen and Daryl Prioleau. He has four siblings: Adonia Prioleau, Kimberly Adams, Jalen Clouds, Jaron Prioleau and one stepbrother: DequinDre Adams by his stepmother: Kiesha Prioleau. His biological parents divorced when Dijon was at a very young age. Dijon attended Fairfield Middle School in Winnsboro, South Carolina. He was 14 years old when he was discovered by Todd (Boogie) Muhammad after an audition in Columbia, South Carolina, and he was later signed to Kollosul Entertainment/Zomba Gospel. On August 7, 2007 he released his first album "A Kid's Point of View".
Biography Born in Tralee, County Kerry, Moriarty was the second son of The Rev. Thomas Alexander Moriarty, a Church of Ireland Rector of Millstreet, County Cork. Moriarty graduated from Trinity College, Dublin in 1898, the year before his cap for the Irish rugby union team. He graduated in 1912 with a bachelor of laws and in 1932 received an additional degree of doctor of laws. Moriarty then joined the Royal Irish Constabulary, becoming a first-class district inspector in 1902. In 1912, he joined RIC headquarters. In 1918, he moved to Birmingham to take on the role of assistant chief constable. Many Irish constables had been recruited to move to Birmingham by Sir Charles Rafter, Chief Constable of Birmingham from 1899 to 1935, who relied on the Irish to help stamp out the infamous Peaky Blinders gang. The British police strikes in 1918 and 1919 led to the Police Act 1919, which made it illegal for police officers in the UK to strike. Moriarty realised more professionalism was required among police recruits and officers, and subsequently "became the key figure in organising an intensive training curriculum" in Birmingham. The programme gained a national reputation for police training, and over the next two decades, officers from 77 police forces from England and Wales had trained in Birmingham. Moriarty wrote several books and papers on police procedures, notably ''Moriarty's Police Law'' (1929), which for more than half a century was a fundamental resource for law enforcement officials in the UK. Moriarty succeeded Rafter as Chief Constable of Birmingham in 1935, and retired six years later, having led the city through two years of the Blitz. He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1925. In 1936, he was made a Commander of the Venerable Order of Saint John and in 1938 a Commander of the Order of the British Empire. Personal life Moriarty married Muriel Una (''née'' Carter) of Belmullet, County Mayo, in 1906. They had three daughters. He died in 1958 in Worcestershire.
Jorge Alberto Garramuño (14 September 1953 – 7 September 2015) was an Argentine politician who was a Senator for the Fueguino People's Movement between 2013 and 2015. He began his political career as Minister of Public Works of Tierra del Fuego in 1992. He died on 7 September 2015 in Buenos Aires.
Aiden Robert Hogarth (born 2 May 1988) better known as '''S.K.I.T.Z Beatz''' is an English composer and record producer based in London, England, and has been responsible for production for brand campaigns for Nike, Adidas, Jaguar, Lexus, Guinness, Puma, River Island & Ford and PlayStation.
Personal life The Latvian Natural History Museum diploma for Dmitry Telnov (in Russian). The Moscow State University reference for Dmitry Telnov (in Russian). Telnov is married and has children. As a teenager he worked as a volunteer at the Riga Zoo insectarium and was strongly influenced by works of Gerald Durrell and David Attenborough. During his school days, he visited courses for young zoologists and entomologists (1987-1991) at the Latvian Natural History Museum and distantly studied biology (1990-1992) at the Lomonosov Moscow State University's Multidisciplinary distant school. Tropical ecology, evolutionary biology and anthropology (especially of recent indigenous societies and their languages) which are his hobby interests.
Career statistics + Appearances and goals by club, season and competition Club Season League Cup Total Division Apps Goals Apps Goals Apps Goals Fortuna Düsseldorf II 2016–17 Regionalliga West 23 0 — 23 0 2017–18 21 4 — 21 4 Total 44 4 0 0 44 4 FSV Zwickau 2018–19 3. Liga 32 3 — 32 3 Total 32 3 0 0 32 3 Chemnitzer FC 2019–20 3. Liga 37 4 1 0 38 4 Total 37 4 1 0 38 4 VfL Bochum 2020–21 2. Bundesliga 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total 0 0 0 0 0 0 Career total 113 11 1 0 114 11 Personal life Bonga's younger brother, Isaac, is a professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the NBA.
Friedrich Gottlob von Stülpnagel (16 July 1913 – 7 July 1996) was a German track and field athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.
William Lewis Bullmore (October 10, 1912 in Minnedosa, Manitoba – August 23, 1972) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1953 to 1958, initially as a Social Credit representative and later as an independent.
Career and contributions Lasser was born in New York City and began taking piano lessons at the age of five. At age sixteen, he entered the Ecole d'Arts Americaines in the Palace of Fontainebleau, France. He studied at Harvard University and, following receipt of a Bachelor's degree, he lived in Paris (1985–1988). In 1988 Lasser entered Columbia University for a Master's degree in Composition, then entered Juilliard, receiving a degree in Doctor of Musical Arts. He wrote an academic work on the contrapuntal analysis of music entitled ''The Spiraling Tapestry'', published by Rassel Editions. His piece ''Twelve Variations on a Chorale by J. S. Bach'' has been recorded by pianist Simone Dinnerstein on the Telarc record label. Lasser is president of the European American Musical Alliance. As director of EAMA's Summer Music Programs in Paris since its 1996 inception, he promotes the pedagogical training of young musicians. Notable alumni of this program include musical theatre composer Erin Murray Quinlan. Lasser became a faculty member of Juilliard in 1994. In 2006 he received the Walter Hinrichsen Award from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters. He previously received the National Orchestral Association's New Music Orchestral Project, and the Louis B. Mayer Award for operatic endeavors. He has been composer-in-residence at the Camargo Foundation in Cassis, France, and at the Yaddo Colony.
Life The second son of Roger Wingate of Sharpenhoe in Bedfordshire and of his wife Jane, daughter of Henry Birch, he was born at Flamborough in Yorkshire in 1596 and baptised there on 11 June. He matriculated from The Queen's College, Oxford, on 12 October 1610, graduated B.A. on 30 June 1614, and was admitted to Gray's Inn on 24 May. Before 1624 he went to Paris, where he became teacher of the English language to the Princess Henrietta Maria. He had learned in England the "rule of proportion" (logarithmic scale) recently invented by Edmund Gunter which he communicated to mathematicians in Paris. He rushed into print to obtain priority, an advocate in Dijon to whom he had shown the rule in a friendly manner having already begun to make some public use of it. He was in England on the breaking out of the First English Civil War, sided with the parliament, took the solemn League and Covenant, and was made justice of the peace for Bedfordshire. He was then residing at Woodend in the parish of Harlington. In 1650 he took the engagement, became intimate with Oliver Cromwell, and one of the commissioners for the ejection of ignorant and scandalous ministers. He represented Bedfordshire in the parliament of 1654–5. He died in Gray's Inn Lane, and was buried in St. Andrew's, Holborn, on 13 December 1656. He left no will. Administration was granted to his son, Button Wingate, on 28 January 1657.
Playing career ===Club=== Kennefick played his club hurling with St. Finbarr's and enjoyed much success. He first played for the famous "Barr's" club in the minor grade and collected three successive championship medals in that grade between 1939 and 1941. In 1942 Kennefick played in his first senior county final with "the Barr's". Ballincollig, a team who had defeated nine-in-a-row hopefuls Glen Rovers in the semi-final, provided the opposition. St. Finbarr's made no mistake and powered to a 5-7 to 2-2. It was Kennefick's first championship medal. Both St. Finbarr's and Ballincollig met in the championship decider again the following year. A 3-3 apiece draw, thanks to a late goal by Seán Condon, was the result on that occasion, however, St. Finbarr's made no mistake in the replay and powered to a 7-9 to 1-1 victory. It was Kennefick's second and final championship medal. ===Inter-county=== Kennefick first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Cork minor hurling team in 1941. He won a Munster medal that year following a 4-6 to 3-3 defeat of Tipperary. Kennefick later lined out in the All-Ireland decider against Kilkenny. A 5-2 to 2-2 score line gave Cork the victory and gave Kennefick an All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship medal. In 1942 Kennefick made his senior championship debut in a Munster semi-final defeat of Limerick. He won his first Munster that year as Tipp were downed by 4-15 to 4-1 in the subsequent provincial decider. The All-Ireland final was a replay of the previous year with Dublin providing the opposition once again. The game was a close affair with just a point separating the sides at the three-quarter stage. In the end Cork won comfortably enough by 2-14 to 3-4 and Kennefick collected his first All-Ireland medal. Kennefick was just eighteen-years-old when he was appointed captain of the Cork team in 1943. A 2-13 to 3-8 defeat of Waterford that year gave him a second Munster medal. He later lined out in a second All-Ireland decider with Antrim becoming the first Ulster side to qualify for a final. Unfortunately, the occasion got to the Glensmen as Cork built up an unassailable 3-11 to 0-2 half-time lead. The final score of 5-16 to 0-4 gave Cork their second-ever hat-trick of All-Ireland titles while it also gave Kennefick a third All-Ireland medal and the honour of collecting the Liam MacCarthy Cup. By this stage Kennefick had come to be regarded as something of a teenage prodigy, however, his story is one of a great "might-have-been". In the first-round of the 1944 Munster series of games Kennefick's wrist was broken by Tipperary player James Ryan. The injury proved detrimental to his career as Kennefick never played for Cork again. ===Inter-provincial=== Kennefick also had the honour of being selected for Munster in the inter-provincial series of games. He made his debut with the province in 1943 and collected his sole Railway Cup medal following a narrow 4-3 to 3-5 defeat of Leinster. Coaching career In retirement from playing Kennefick became involved in team management and coaching. In 1974 he was coach of the St. Finbarr's senior hurling team that qualified for the senior club championship decider. A 2-17 to 2-14 defeat of Blackrock gave "the Barr's" their first title in six years. Kennefick's side later secured the Munster title following a 0-7 to 0-3 victory over Newmarket-on-Fergus. The subsequent All-Ireland decider saw St. Finbarr's face Kilkenny and Leinster champions Fenians. A 3-8 to 1-6 victory gave St. Finbarr's their first All-Ireland title.
Early life Born in Manchester, Dawson grew up in Wilmslow. He attended Ashdene Primary School and Altrincham Grammar School for Boys and joined local drama group Scamps at a young age. He is the brother of singer and guitarist Catherine Taylor-Dawson. Career Dawson has played the role of Darren Osborne in ''Hollyoaks'' since 1999. Actor Adam Booth originally played the part before leaving in 1997. The character rejoined ''Hollyoaks'' in 1999 when Dawson secured the part. Dawson joined ''Hollyoaks'' when he was 17 years old after getting his big break with the National Youth Theatre. Since then he has appeared in ''Hollyoaks'' spinoffs such as ''Hollyoaks Later'' and ''Tom's Life''. He went on to secure the part of Darren following an audition, but soon after left in 2000 to join ALLSTARS*. Dawson re-joined the show in August 2003 after AllSTARS* split up. On playing the part Dawson said "I love playing the bad lad. He's my alter ego". Dawson was a member of the UK pop band allSTARS*. His college best friend, Sam Bloom, called him up for an audition and invited him over. Byrne Blood Productions (Steps, A1), the management company at that time, was surprised to find that the actor could also dance and sing. Dawson eventually made it in, getting accepted and rising to fame. Dawson and Bloom also shared a flat together. Other than performing, he also appeared in allSTARS*' accompanying CITV television show, ''STARStreet*''. Dawson was featured in other shows as well. He performed with the band on ''80s Mania'' in 2001, and was next seen on episodes of ''Top of the Pops''. He later made an appearance in ''Never Mind the Buzzcocks'', ''Stars in Their Eyes'' and ''RI:SE''. While with the group they managed to score four Top 20 singles in their two-year career. Dawson appeared along with Darren Day in a production of ''Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat'' at the Palace Theatre, Manchester, UK. As a teenager, he appeared in a number of amateur productions in his home town, including Wilmslow Guild Players' production of ''Jack and the Beanstalk'' in 1996, for which he was nominated for The Barry Phillips Award for the Most Promising Youngster (Male) in the Cheshire Theatre Guild Awards. In September 2013, Dawson was announced as a contestant on the eleventh series of ''Strictly Come Dancing'' partnered with Ola Jordan. They were voted out in the quarter-finals, on 8 December. In 2014, Dawson released "Playboy Bunny" on ''Applique Music'', produced by Artful and Lempo, reached #1 on JunoDownload and #54 on ITunes, supported on Capital FM and BBC Radio One. Personal life In January 2011, Dawson announced that he and long-term partner Karen McKay were expecting their first child. Their first son was born in March 2011 and their second in October 2013. Dawson is fond of sports and plays football, tennis, and basketball. He supports Manchester United FC and considered a career as a professional footballer. He currently plays occasional charity football matches with the Hollyoaks All-Stars. He also owns a night club in Wilmslow called Symposium.
Career statistics ===Regular season and playoffs=== Regular season Playoffs Season Team League GP G A Pts PIM GP G A Pts PIM 1918–19 Ottawa CPR Bluebirds OCHL — — — — — — — — — — 1919–20 Ottawa Gunners OCHL 7 4 0 4 — — — — — — 1920–21 Ottawa Gunners OCHL 12 8 0 8 — 7 5 6 11 3 1921–22 Ottawa Gunners OCHL 14 12 7 19 0 6 12 7 19 0 1922–23 Ottawa Gunners OCHL 1 0 0 0 0 — — — — — 1922–23 Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets USAHA 16 8 0 8 — — — — — — 1923–24 Ottawa New Edinburghs OCHL 12 6 4 10 — 2 0 0 0 — 1924–25 Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets USAHA 40 14 0 14 — 8 3 0 3 — 1925–26 Pittsburgh Pirates NHL 35 10 7 17 6 2 1 0 1 0 1926–27 Pittsburgh Pirates NHL 42 12 3 15 4 — — — — — 1927–28 Pittsburgh Pirates NHL 44 13 2 15 16 2 0 1 1 0 1928–29 Pittsburgh Pirates NHL 43 9 3 12 6 — — — — — 1929–30 Pittsburgh Pirates NHL 42 15 17 32 6 — — — — — 1930–31 Philadelphia Quakers NHL 10 1 1 2 2 — — — — — 1930–31 Boston Bruins NHL 25 2 4 6 4 5 0 1 1 2 1931–32 Toronto Maple Leafs NHL 48 5 10 15 6 7 0 1 1 2 1932–33 Toronto Maple Leafs NHL 19 1 2 3 0 — — — — — 1932–33 Syracuse Stars IHL 24 7 13 20 4 6 2 0 2 0 1933–34 Syracuse Stars IHL 44 9 10 19 12 6 0 1 1 0 1935–36 Pittsburgh Shamrocks IHL 41 7 14 21 4 — — — — — NHL totals 308 68 49 117 50 16 1 3 4 4
Nadine Stanton (born 11 September 1975 in Hamilton, New Zealand) is a shooting competitor for New Zealand. At the 2002 Commonwealth Games she won a gold team medal in the Double Trap (Pairs) event partnering Teresa Borrell, and a silver team medal in the Double Trap.
Colin Campbell Ferrie (May 1, 1808 – November 9, 1856) was a Canadian merchant, banker, and politician.
Career Byrne is best known for opening The Collingwood pub in West Kirby a number of years ago. He owns The Church Green in Lymm, Cheshire. He also runs the British Grill in the Macdonald Hotel at Craxton Wood, near Chester. In 2002, he earned a Michelin star for his cooking in The Commons Restaurant in Dublin, Ireland. Before this position he worked at Roscoff Restaurant under Paul Rankin and Peacock Alley under Conrad Gallagher, formerly head chef of the Grill Room at the Dorchester Hotel in London, but left in January 2009 to run his own pub in Cheshire. At Adlards in Norwich, by age 22, Byrne was the youngest chef to win a Michelin star. He worked at a number of Michelin-starred establishments. At Danesfield House and Spa, near Marlow, Buckinghamshire, he was Executive Chef of the Oak Room and The Orangery Restaurants. Before this, he spent two years as Head Chef of the Michelin-starred restaurant Tom Aikens. Byrne previously worked with Tom Aikens at the Pied à Terre restaurant as a sous chef. He appeared on the television programme ''MasterChef'' in 2008. His first book, ''Made in Great Britain'', was released in September 2008, along with a video podcast series of the same name based on the book, produced by pod3.tv. In 2013/14, Byrne opened a new restaurant in the city of Manchester called Manchester House, which cost around £3 million to create. Byrne's journey to opening this restaurant was featured in a three-part series for BBC Two called ''Restaurant Wars: The Battle for Manchester'' which was aired on the channel throughout April 2014. The other restaurant featured in the series was The French, opened by Simon Rogan around the same time as ManchesterHouse. Personal life Byrne married his wife Sarah in 2013 in Mauritius. The couple have three children. ===Charity=== Each year Byrne elects a charity for his restaurants to support. In 2013, the charity was Brainwave. One event which he held for this charity was gourmet evening which raised £4,380 for this cause. He has previously supported the 'Movember' appeal as well as The Prince's Trust charity.
Early life Hanna Elmire Flora Böhm was born in Glaubitten, East Prussia on 6 February 1851. She was the eldest of eight children of the landowner Otto Böhm and his wife Bertha. Her mother died in 1870, and Hanna had to assume the maternal role. After her father married again in 1874 she became free to devote herself to art. Hanna Böhm went to Berlin to study painting, and would practice this art for the rest of her life. Her early work includes portraits of her family and views of the family house in Glaubitten. She traveled to study art in Italy, Tunisia, Greece and Constantinople. Her ink drawings, watercolors and paintings of everyday scenes and people from this period have been preserved. Her portraits, genre paintings and landscapes sold well in Germany, Italy and North America. She was represented with three oil paintings at the exhibitions of the Konigsberg Art Association in 1883 and 1887. Bieber-Böhm exhibited her work at the Woman's Building at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois. She was also part of the German delegation to the Women's Congress at the Exposition. In 1888, when she was thirty-seven, Hanna married the lawyer Richard Bieber (born 1858), whom she had met while studying in Berlin. He was seven years her junior. Bieber was Jewish in origin, but had become Christian. He wanted to marry in St. Mary's Church, but Protestant pastors refused a church wedding. This caused Hanna Böhm to reject the Protestant church. The couple had a civil marriage, which remained childless.
Early life Hajrullahu was born in Kosovo and fled to Canada when he was eight years old on a refugee flight to escape war. He started playing football in grade 10 at Governor Simcoe Secondary School in St. Catharines, Ontario. Professional career ===Winnipeg Blue Bombers=== Hajrullahu was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on January 17, 2014. He was the West Division nominee for the John Agro Special Teams Award in 2014. ===Toronto Argonauts=== Hajrullahu became a free agent on February 9, 2016 and signed with the Toronto Argonauts that same day. He became the first player to score points in the first regular-season CFL game at BMO Field on June 23, 2016. Oddly enough, he scored the first CFL points for both a visiting team and the Argonauts. He conceded a safety to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, then later kicked a field goal for the Argos. Hamilton won the game, 40–23. During the 2017 season, Hajrullahu kicked the game winning field goal to secure a win in the 105th Grey Cup for Toronto. === Hamilton Tiger-Cats === On February 13, 2018, Hajrullahu signed a contract with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats worth roughly CA$145,000. During the season, Hajrullahu converted 85% of his field goals, while the Ti-Cats advanced in the playoffs to the East final before being eliminated. Despite receiving NFL interest, including a workout with the Seattle Seahawks, Hajrullahu took his time in choosing a team for 2019; he eventually signed a 2-year contract to return to Hamilton after six weeks of free agency. He was named a CFL East Division All-Star for the second time in his career for the season. While he would have been in the option year of his contract following the 2019 season, the NFL would not allow its teams to sign CFL players entering these option years. After there was still no resolution to this issue, the Tiger-Cats outright released Hajrullahu on January 9, 2020, to allow him to pursue NFL opportunities. === Los Angeles Rams === On April 13, 2020, Hajrullahu signed a contract with the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League.
Isariya Marom (), born December 18, 1995), or simply known as '''Teng''' (), is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a Left winger or Left back for Thai League 2 club Nongbua Pitchaya.
Herta Wunder (March 4, 1913 – January 28, 1992) was a German freestyle swimmer, born in Leipzig, who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Career statistics ===Club=== Club Season League Cup Continental Other Total Division Apps Goals Apps Goals Apps Goals Apps Goals Apps Goals SpVgg Unterhaching 2019–20 3. Liga 1 0 0 0 – 0 0 1 0 Career total 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 ;Notes
Jeremy Ganger is an American independent professional wrestler who wrestled as '''Pitbull''' in the early 2000s for Dayton, Ohio based WAR Wrestling, Rockstar Pro Wrestling and Heartland Wrestling Association. During the 2019 Dayton shooting he prevented the gunman from entering the bar where he was working as a bouncer and was injured in the process.
Early life Jaclyn Michelle Linetsky was born at the Jewish General Hospital to Jewish parents, Terry (née Weiner) and Larry Linetsky. She had two siblings, Kelly and Derek. Linetsky was raised in the suburb of Hampstead in Montreal, Quebec. She graduated from St. George's School of Montreal in 2003 where she made a speech at the graduation ceremony. Career Linetsky began her career in 1994 at the age of 8 when she acted in stage productions. At age 10, she was in a radio milk advertisement. In 2000, Linetsky dubbed the English voice of the titular character in the preschool animated series Caillou until her death in 2003. She also provided the voices for Bitzi in the 2002 animated series ''Daft Planet'', Lori Mackney in ''What's with Andy?'' (2003–2004), Kit on Kit and Kaboodle, Yukari on Tommy and Oscar, Brenda on ''Rotten Ralph'' and Meg in ''Mega Babies''. Her other roles in voice acting included, ''The Kids from Room 402'', ''Wunschpunsch'', ''The Country Mouse and the City Mouse Adventures'', ''Pet Pals'', ''Simon in the Land of Chalk Drawings'', ''Jim Button'' and video games ''Alex Builds His Farm'' and ''Evolution Worlds''. In 2003, Linetsky was cast in the tennis-circuit-themed dramatic series ''15/Love'' on YTV. Her character, Megan O'Connor was mutually falling in love with co-star Vadim Schneider's character, Sebastien Dubé. Death On September 8, 2003, at the age of 17, Linetsky and Vadim Schneider were on their way to the set of ''15/Love'' in St. Cesaire, Quebec, in a Dodge Grand Caravan. The van lost control and collided head-on with a semi-truck, causing the vehicle to burst into flames. Both Linetsky and Schneider were killed instantly.
Early life Gardiner was born in Murphy Town, Central Abaco in the Bahamas. During his teenage years Gardiner was a competitive volleyball player, but also ran track and field. Gardiner wanted to transition to track in field in the shorter sprints, but his high school coach said he was too tall, so he became a 400 m runner. Career Gardiner competed in the sport in his teenage years and ran in the 400 m at the national championships in 2013. He entered three events at the 2014 CARIFTA Games: he only managed fourth in the individual 200 metres but claimed a silver in the 4 × 100 metres relay and a bronze in the 4 × 400 metres relay. He marked himself as one of Bahamas top young athletes with a win at the Bahamian junior championships in June that year. An appearance at the 2014 World Junior Championships in Athletics resulted in a semi-final run in the 200 m and a sixth-place finish in the 4 × 400 m. His first senior medal came at the 2015 IAAF World Relays, held on home turf, where he gave American competitor Jeremy Wariner a close run in the 4 × 400 m, helping the Bahamas to the silver medal alongside Ramon Miller, Michael Mathieu and Chris Brown. He began to focus on the 400 m in the 2015 season and this proved a successful transition. He rapidly improved to become the youngest Bahamian ever, at 19 years old, to run the distance under 45 seconds, and moved up to fourth on the Bahamian all-time lists with a best of 44.64 seconds. He set the time at the Bislett Games, which brought him victory on his debut on the IAAF Diamond League circuit, finishing ahead of Matthew Hudson-Smith and Pavel Maslák. Personal bests Event Time Competition Venue Date Notes 200 m 19.75 Hurricane Alumni Invitational Coral Gables, Florida 7 April 2018 +0.3 m/s wind, 400 m 43.48 World Championships Doha, Qatar 4 October 2019 4×400 m relay 2:58.49 Olympic Games Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 20 August 2016
Xue Ming (born 23 February 1987 in Beijing) is a female Chinese volleyball player. She was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2005 Asian Championship.
Chen Duling (, born 13 October 1993) is a Chinese actress. She is best known for her role in the coming-of-age film ''The Left Ear'' directed by Alec Su.
Early life Sacchetti was born in 1586, the second surviving son of Giovanni Battista Sacchetti and Francesca Altoviti, both Florentine patricians who had moved to Rome in the late sixteenth century. Giulio was the uncle of Cardinal Urbano Sacchetti. Sacchetti's father was a trading partner of the Barberini family of Pope Urban VIII and the two families became close. Sacchetti's elder brother, Marcello Sacchetti, became papal treasurer to Pope Urban VIII and a prominent patron of the arts until his death in 1629. Sacchetti was educated at the University of Perugia and the University of Pisa. On 10 December 1623, he was consecrated bishop by Agustín Spínola Basadone, Bishop of Tortosa, with Ottavio Accoramboni, Archbishop Emeritus of Urbino, and Diego Merino, Bishop of Montepeloso, serving as co-consecrators, and elected Bishop of Gravina. Death and burial Sacchetti died 28 June 1663 in Rome and was buried at the Florentine church of San Giovanni dei Fiorentini in Rome.
Early life and education Born to parents Toby and Tina Stevens in Guildford in England, she has one younger sister, Ellen. Stevens grew up in Shalford just outside Guildford, where she lived until the age of 17. She attended Shalford First School, St Theresa's in Effingham and St Peter's in Merrow where she studied GCSE Music. Stevens watched her mother play Spanish acoustic guitar at the age of two or three and made up "useless melodies". Spotting this early talent, her parents sent her to cello and piano lessons from the age of six. She later joined the Surrey Youth Orchestra. From the age of about 10, Stevens had orchestra and piano lessons at Charterhouse, and attended stage school at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre in 1999. Her songwriting began around age 12 or 13 when she took up the guitar properly: "I'd write a lot of melodies on the piano then too. I started writing poetry as well – I got a poem published in a national competition – and I started combining them with melodies". Stevens's first appearance on stage was at the age of 13 at a local venue in Guildford. "I was terrified but I remember loving being on stage and singing my songs as I do now". On her 17th birthday, she was dumped by her then boyfriend; this was later to become the inspiration for the song "How to Write a Love Song", which appeared on her first solo EP ''Heart on Hand''. From 2006 to 2007, Stevens attended the Academy of Contemporary Music and graduated with a diploma in Guitar and Contemporary Performance. This is also where she met her guitarist Sam Whiting. Early career While still at ACM, Stevens and friend Charlotte "Charlie" Hewson formed Wildstar (described as "an acoustic/pop duo with a mix of harmony and mellow rock") with Hewson on lead vocals and Stevens on guitar and backing vocals. The duo played a combination of covers and original tracks including "Fine Day", "Looking For Love" and "Footprints". After graduating from ACM, Stevens worked as a session musician playing guitar and piano for groups such as Fin, H-Boogie and Ronit & The Aramingos. She met her first manager, Bob James, and started collaborating with writers across multiple genres. Her work included writing and performing on ''Britain's Got Talent'' finalist Andrew Muir's debut album (still unreleased); she co-wrote "Can't Say That It's Over", "Don't Let Me Go" and "You Don't Seem to Understand Me" for the album in 2009. Soon after, she wrote a song called "Wowowow" for Korean boy-band SHINee, which appeared on their second album ''Lucifer'' in 2010. The song sold 100,000 copies in its first week as a single. Performing in the band Shooting Lead Rabbits (described as "a three-piece, retro, art house, alternative, folk rock band") led to a European tour in 2010 and a distribution deal with FNAC. The band's self-titled and only album release features Stevens on backing vocals on four of the tracks. During songwriting sessions in Los Angeles with Charlie Midnight, with his encouragement, Stevens began to seriously consider a future solo career. Other collaborations have included Sharon Vaughn, Eric Shermehorn, Andy Goldmark, Wayne Rodriguez, Mimoza Blinsson, Adam Kagan, Will Simms, Russ Ballard and John Beck. In 2011, she toured with British rock band Fin, supporting Incubus, Mona, The Kooks and Feeder, regularly performing for crowds of 20,000. Solo career In early 2012, Stevens' mother was diagnosed with cancer. Along with Charlie Midnight, her mother had been strongly encouraging her to embark on a solo career – "she was my biggest supporter and believer in me and would say, ‘You’ve got the potential to do it yourself.’ So I thought, ‘Yeah, I’m going to do it!’". Two weeks before her mother died on 26 March 2012, they sat down together and decided that the first album would be released initially as a series of four EPs. Tina Stevens designed the cover artwork that would be used, in four sections, for each of the EPs. Placed together, the four pieces form the entire cover of the full album, ''Enchanted''. Earlier, in November 2011, Stevens had started collaborating with songwriter/producer Pete Woodroffe (best known for his work with Def Leppard) who would eventually co-write 14 of the tracks and produce all four EPs and the album. In an interview in December 2013, she declared Woodroffe as her "Ultimate Hero". In August 2012, Stevens was picked up by the ''BBC Introducing'' series for new and unsigned artists. On 19 August 2012 she performed four songs live on air with band members Sam Whiting, Belinda Webb and Emma Hughes. The first single, "A Place Called You", was released on 28 October 2012 and received its first national airplay on BBC Radio 2's ''Weekend Wogan'' show on 2 September 2012. The single is one of her most successful songs, with over 2 million streams on Spotify. Stevens toured extensively during the remainder of 2012, promoting the ''Heart on Hand'' EP. In January 2013, she collaborated with English folk-rock singer-songwriter Passenger, which resulted in the song "I'll Be Your Man". In early 2013, Terry Wogan continued to champion the ''Heart on Hand'' EP, culminating in a live appearance on ''Weekend Wogan'' on 17 March 2013, where Stevens performed the next single to be released, "Once". Also appearing on this show was American singer-songwriter Jenn Bostic, with whom she performed a live cover of Ed Sheeran's "Give Me Love". Stevens and Bostic would become firm friends and would tour together twice during 2013. Soon after this appearance, "Once" was playlisted by BBC Radio 2 on 27 March 2013. Following the success of "Once", the original single "A Place Called You" was re-released and was subsequently playlisted by BBC Radio 2 on 27 July 2013. Further support came from BBC Radio 2 ''Breakfast'' presenter Chris Evans, resulting in a live appearance on the show on 16 August 2013, where Stevens performed "A Place Called You". During the show, Evans invited her to play at his Carfest festival in aid of the BBC Children in Need charity on 24 August 2013. Another live appearance on BBC Radio 2 soon followed on 18 August 2013 when she performed "Sunflower" on ''Good Morning Sunday''. The following month, Stevens headlined the BBC Introducing stage at Festival in a Day in Hyde Park on 8 September 2013. Recording work on the debut album was completed on 9 September 2013, and growing success led to the accelerated release of the final two EPs. ''Sunflower'', the final EP, was released on 20 October 2013 and contained the third single "Riptide" as well as the title track "Sunflower", the second of two songs Stevens wrote about coping with the loss of her mother. "When I wrote 'Sunflower' I came up with the title because my Mum used to grow Sunflowers at the bottom of the garden when I was a little girl, and I really felt the urge to use that and turn it into a lyric. It's one of the saddest songs I have written, but I just desperately needed to – it helped me in the grieving process after losing my Mum and it helps me every day when I sing it on stage". "Riptide" and "Sunflower" were each written in less than a day. BBC Radio 2 again playlisted the new single on 28 September 2013, and further support followed from iTunes when the track became their Single of the Week in the UK, Ireland, Russia and India on 22 October 2013. After the album was completed, rather than sign to a major label, Stevens decided to self-release ''Enchanted'', and signed a deal with label services company Absolute Marketing and Distribution Ltd. In January 2014, Stevens' manager announced that "Riptide" would be released via Go Entertainment in Benelux and Universal in Ireland. In the following month, the single was playlisted by Radio 2 and radiomol in Belgium and Radio 2 in the Netherlands. During 2014, Stevens again collaborated with co-writer and producer Pete Woodroffe on her second album, ''Waves''. The first single from the new album, "Make My Day", was released in August 2014 and was, once again, playlisted by BBC Radio 2. Stevens performed the song live on ''Weekend Wogan'' on 7 September 2014. Recording the album was completed on 15 August 2014 and ''Waves'' was subsequently released on 10 November 2014. In August 2015, an expanded deluxe edition of ''Waves'' was released with new artwork and eight additional tracks (ten additional tracks were included on the limited edition CD digipack version). One of the new tracks, "Never Gonna Change", was released as a single in June 2015. During the summer of 2015, Stevens spent a month in Nashville collaborating with musicians and songwriters as she prepared for her third studio album, ''To My Roots''. This was to be her first self-produced album, and included songs co-written with Charlie Midnight, Pete Woodroffe and Buck Johnson. Musicians appearing on the album included Michael Spriggs, Bruce Bouton, Jonathan Yudkin and Miles Bould. A radio edit of "Sing Out (Hey La Hey Lo)", remixed by Ash Howes, was released as the first single from the album in June 2017 with a short headline tour to promote the album. ''To My Roots'' was released on 21 July 2017, followed by the second single, the title track from the album and another remix by Ash Howes, "To My Roots" in August 2017. In April 2017, Stevens was invited to be a member of the UK national jury for the Eurovision Song Contest.. In November 2017, ''Christmas'', a collection of four festive songs, was released digitally and as a limited edition CD EP. It included covers of "Stay Another Day", "Somewhere Only We Know" and the traditional carol "Silent Night", a collaboration with Nashville's Michael Spriggs. Stevens' track "A Place Called You" became a streaming hit in China after being featured on Where Are We Going Dad? a Chinese reality TV show broadcast on Hunan Television atrracting 75 million viewers. A new track, "The Cappuccino Song", was recorded in early 2019 and released (in China only) during April 2019 to coincide with Stevens' seven city tour of the country. The track was also included on the album ''A Place Called You'', effectively a Greatest Hits compilation, released only in China. During 2018, Stevens had collaborated with writers Charlie Midnight, Jessica Sharman and Kevin Jeremiah (from the band The Feeling) resulting in a five track EP entitled ''Atoms'' released 10 May 2019. The lead single, "Because It's You" is a duet with Kevin Jeremiah and also includes contributions from other The Feeling band members Ciaran Jeremiah (guitar) and Paul Stewart (drums). The title track from the EP, "Atoms", was subsequently remixed by Pete Woodroffe and released as the second single on 22 November 2019. Personal life Stevens still lives in the Guildford area. Other than her music, her greatest passions are surfing and the sea.
Career Striggner Scott was called to the bar in Middle Temple, United Kingdom. She worked as a barrister in Accra, where she was principal partner of a legal consulting firm. Striggner Scott served on Ghana's High Court and in 1983 was the first woman appointed to the High Court of Zimbabwe. Striggner Scott was Ghana's ambassador to France, including the Holy See, until 1994 and later ambassador to Italy. She was also Ghana's ambassador to UNESCO and served as a member of UNESCO's Legal Commission. In 1991, she became the first African woman to be appointed to UNESCO's Executive Board. Striggner Scott was Chairperson of the Law Reform Commission of Ghana from 2000 until 2004. She was a member of the Standing Commission of Inquiry Regarding Public Violence and Intimidation in South Africa. She was a member of the Economic Community of West African States Council of Elders and in 2002 led a delegation to monitor Sierra Leone's parliamentary and presidential elections. In 2004, Striggner Scott was appointed by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to the five member International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur.
Early life and education Margaret Dudar was born on November 30, 1957 in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and moved with her family to Houston when she was in the third grade. She graduated from Sharpstown High School in 1975. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Houston in 1979 and worked in an education reform commission under Texas Governor William P. Clements and as associate executive director for the Texas Association of School Boards. Before her appointment to George W. Bush's presidential administration, Spellings was the political director for Bush's first gubernatorial campaign in 1994, and later became a senior advisor to Bush during his term as Governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000. Secretary of Education Spellings' official Secretary of Education portrait Following Rod Paige's departure as Secretary of Education, Spellings was nominated to the post of the Secretary of Education by George W. Bush on November 17, 2004, confirmed by the U.S. Senate on January 20, 2005, which also marked the beginning of Bush's second presidential term, and sworn in on January 31 the same year. She was the second female Secretary of Education. ===''Postcards from Buster'' controversy=== On January 21, 2005, one day after being confirmed as Secretary of Education, Spellings wrote a letter to the Public Broadcasting System warning the network not to air an episode of the children's program ''Postcards from Buster''. In that episode, the animated bunny Buster visits Vermont to learn about maple sugar production and meets real-life children who have lesbian parents. The children tell Buster they have a "mom and stepmom." A child explains that one of the women is her stepmother whom she loves. No other comment is made about the family. Spellings' letter reminded Pat Mitchell, CEO of PBS that ''Postcards from Buster'' was funded in part by the Department of Education and "that many parents would not want their young children exposed to the life-styles portrayed in the episode." PBS decided not to distribute the episode, but WGBH, the public television station in Boston, said it would air it and offered it to any station "willing to defy the Education Department." Cusi Cram, a writer for ''Arthur'' (from which that program was spun-off), later wrote a play titled ''Dusty and the Big Bad World'', based on the controversy. ===No Child Left Behind=== Spellings delivers a speech at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library; former first lady Nancy Reagan is seated at the right. In April 2005, on PBS's ''The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer'', she called Connecticut's resistance to the No Child Left Behind Act the "soft bigotry of low expectations." According to the program's transcript, she said: ===Controversy overseeing student loan programs=== On May 10, 2007, Spellings testified before the House Education and Labor Committee responding to criticism from New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo that the Education Department had been "asleep at the switch" in overseeing student loan programs, allowing corruption and conflicts of interest to spread. Spellings has further gone on record to say that she is disregarding the suggestion by the Inspector General to hold the loan companies accountable for their graft. Altha Cravey and Robert Siegel wrote in the ''News & Observer'' that Spellings had been "supporting for-profit colleges who prey on students – and then profiting off those same students when they default on their loans." Spellings served on the board of directors for the Apollo Group, the parent company of the for-profit University of Phoenix, which paid her more than $300,000. ===Commission on the Future of Higher Education=== In September 2005, Spellings announced the formation of the Secretary of Education's Commission on the Future of Higher Education, which has also been referred to as the Spellings Commission. The commission was charged with recommending a national strategy for reforming post-secondary education, with a particular focus on how well colleges and universities were preparing students for the 21st-century workplace. Controversial recommendations included a call for colleges and universities to focus on training students for the workforce and supporting research with commercial applications. It had a secondary focus on how well high schools were preparing students for post-secondary education. Spellings described the work of the commission as a natural extension into higher education of the reforms carried out under No Child Left Behind, and is quoted as saying: "It's time we turn this elephant around and upside down and take a look at it."
Kazys Markevičius (28 January 1905 – 21 August 1980) was a Lithuanian boxer.
Sir Arthur Francis Pease, 1st Baronet, DL (11 March 1866 – 23 November 1927) was an English coal owner and public servant.
Biography Oswaldo Mendoza Baca was born in the city of Cusco on August 5, 1908. He studied at the First Central Primary School in Cusco and the National College of Science in Cusco. In 1929 he joined the Faculty of Natural Sciences, Physics and Mathematics at the National University of San Antonio Abad in Cuzco and graduated as a Bachelor of Science in June 1933 . True to his alma mater, in 1933 he was appointed acting Professor of Inorganic Chemistry and Organic Chemistry in the Faculty of Science, just two months before graduating from BA . Thanks to a grant from the Spanish government he travelled to Spain, beginning in research under the direction of Dr. Angel del Campo. In 1937 he returned to Peru because of the Spanish Civil War, graduated from the University of Cusco. On November 3, 1960 he was elected Dean of the Faculty of Chemistry at the University of Cusco, a position he held until his death in Cusco on April 9, 1962. Notable publications include ''La Mecánica Ondulatoria'', ''Colorantes Pre-colombinos'' and ''Leyes Genéticas de los Elementos Químicos, Nuevo Sistema Periódico'' (1954).
Jovan Vasić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Bacић; born 20 January 1987) is a Serbian footballer, who currently plays for BSK Borča in the Serbian SuperLiga. He made SuperLiga debut on 13 August 2011, the first matchday of the 2011–12 season, against FK Smederevo.
Life Walker graduated from Cambridge, B.A. in 1547, and M.A. of Peterhouse in 1551. He was B.D. in 1563, and D.D. in 1569. He was presented to the small living of Alderton, Suffolk, and at some time was a noted preacher at Ipswich. Walker attended the Convocation of 1563 as proctor for the clergy of Suffolk. In this capacity he voted in favour of the six articles for reforming rites and ceremonies, and signed the petition of the lower house for improved discipline. In 1564 he was licensed to be parish chaplain in St. Peter's, Norwich. Here his preaching was admired, and Matthew Parker, finding in 1568 that Walker was about to return to Alderton to avoid an information for non-residence, suggested that one of the prebendaries named Smythe should resign in Walker's favour. Parker also appealed to Lord-chancellor Nicholas Bacon, as did the Duke of Norfolk, with the result that, after some delay, Walker was installed a canon of Norwich on 20 December 1569. In September 1570 Walker and some other Puritan prebendaries protested against the ornaments in Norwich Cathedral. He was cited, it appears, to Lambeth Palace in 1571 for his puritanism, but was collated to the archdeaconry of Essex on 10 July 1571, to the rectory of Laindon-cum-Basildon, Essex, on 12 November 1573, and on 14 August 1575 was installed prebendary of Mora in St. Paul's Cathedral. John Aylmer summoned Walker in 1578 to elect sixty of the clergy to be visitors during the prevalence of the plague. In 1581 he was prominent in the conviction of Richard Wright, chaplain to Robert Rich, 2nd Baron Rich, who because of his ordination at Antwerp was refused a licence by the bishop; and on 27 September of the same year he assisted William Charke at a conference in the Tower of London with Edmund Campion, the Jesuit. The fourth day's dispute was chiefly in Walker's hands. Bishop Aylmer also employed him to collect materials for a work in refutation of Campion's ''Decem Rationes'', and in 1582 appointed him to confer with captured Catholic priests. He preached at Aylmer's visitation on 21 June 1583, but resigned the archdeaconry about August 1585, and died before 12 December 1588, on which date the prebend in St. Paul's was declared vacant by his death.
#REDIRECT RuPaul's Drag Race (season 6)
Personal life Bula comes from the chiefly village Tubou, Lakeba, in the Lau Islands and is the great great-grand nephew of the Tongan prince and conqueror, Enele Ma'afu.
Cirillo Manicardi (9 December 1856 – 27 May 1925) was an Italian painter of oils and watercolors, mainly of genre interiors.
Career ===Formula Three=== After graduating from the Formula Opel Euroseries, Rosset competed in the British Formula 3 Championship in 1993 for Alan Docking Racing. He finished joint sixth in the standings, tied with Pedro de la Rosa, with his best finish being one second place at Silverstone. Rosset moved to the AJS team in 1994, and improved to fifth in the standings in a season dominated by Jan Magnussen. He won his first F3 race that year at Snetterton, albeit on an occasion where Magnussen retired. ===Formula 3000=== Rosset made his début in International Formula 3000 with the Super Nova Racing team in 1995. His teammate was the more experienced Vincenzo Sospiri, who won the drivers' championship that year. In 1995 Rosset came second to his teammate – winning two races, including his first ever F3000 race – and finished second in the championship. ===Formula One=== ====Footwork (1996)==== Rosset was hired by Footwork in as teammate to Jos Verstappen, but never matched the Dutch driver's pace (Verstappen was quicker in qualifying for all the races), although the team largely stopped development on the car when Tom Walkinshaw bought it. ====Lola (1997)==== In Rosset joined MasterCard Lola, where he was partnered with former F3000 teammate Sospiri. However, the team pulled out of F1 after one failure to qualify at the 1997 Australian Grand Prix due to an uncompetitive car, the Lola T97/30 and a breakdown in sponsorship from MasterCard. Rosset was left without an F1 drive for the rest of the season. ====Tyrrell (1998)==== In 1998, Rosset was chosen by Craig Pollock to be Tyrrell's second driver, to the fury of Ken Tyrrell, whose choice was Verstappen. Pollock had bought into the team with a view to establishing BAR, and saw Rosset's superior sponsorship finance as essential in balancing the team's budget. The 1998 season was another unsuccessful one for Rosset, and led to increasing criticism of his abilities. When Murray Walker suggested that people were debating whether Rosset was F1 quality, co-commentator and ex-F1 driver Martin Brundle replied, "it's a fairly short debate, Murray". Even Rosset's own mechanics were critical of him: after he severely damaged his car during qualifying for the 1998 Monaco Grand Prix and received a warning from the stewards, his furious mechanics switched the first and last letters of his surname on his paddock scooter to form the word "tosser". Rosset's problems included missing out on qualification for the 1998 Spanish Grand Prix by 0.06s, and an injury during practice for the German Grand Prix which prevented him from taking part in qualifying, while in Belgium he crashed into the carnage of the 14-car pile-up on the first lap after being unsighted by the heavy spray, and was unable to take the restart. A further failure to qualify at Tyrrell's final race in Japan, where he was hindered by a neck injury caused by a crash in practice, marked the end of his Formula One career. Arguably, the atmosphere within the Tyrrell team and the antagonism towards Rosset's very presence, which had in fact led Ken Tyrrell to quit his own team, was hardly beneficial to the Brazilian's confidence, and ultimately his performance. ===After Formula One=== After leaving the team at the end of the season, Rosset quit racing entirely to concentrate on his sportswear business in Brazil. However, he made a return to racing in the 2008 Brazilian GT3 Championship, partnering Brazilian filmmaker Walter Salles. At the end of the season, the pair had won four times in their Ford GT and finished second in the overall standings. Encouraged by this performance, Rosset bought the Footwork FA17 chassis that he raced in 1996, and was planning to enter it in a historic F1 series in 2009. Rosset went on to win the Porsche GT3 Cup Brasil in 2010, 2013, and 2015.
Fritz Hauser is a Swiss musician and composer from Basel, Switzerland.
Juan Calderón (born 5 October 1947) is a Mexican former field hockey player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Mexico City.
Career Pilát made his first Corgoň Liga appearance for ViOn against AS Trenčín.
Terese Alvén in 2016
Harold Jackson Whitaker (5 June 1920 – 26 December 2013) was a British animator, whose credits included ''Animal Farm'' in 1954 and ''Heavy Metal'' in 1981. He first worked for Anson Dyer, before spending thirty years as an animator for Halas and Batchelor. He made a comic strip adaptation of ''Animal Farm'' in 1954.
Club career Davies was a former miner who made his league début whilst at Oldham Athletic in 1912. He soon transferred to Sheffield United via a brief stay at Stockport County. He spend two seasons at Bramall Lane, playing in the side that won the FA Cup in 1915 (although he himself did not feature in the final.) With the outbreak of war Davies was released and returned to Wales where he became a miner once more whilst continuing to play football for local teams. International career Davis made two appearances for Wales, the first whilst at Treharris, the second after his move to Oldham Athletic.
Education Dr. Ala's elementary education was at the Dabestane Nezami primary school (Persian), the Lazariste St. Louis School (French) and the Community School (English), all in Tehran. He went on to begin his secondary education at Harrow School near London towards the end of World War II, which was completed at Milton Academy, near Boston. His college under-graduate studies were at Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he obtained his BA degree in history. ===Medical education=== He was then admitted to the University of Edinburgh Medical School in Scotland, and qualified with an MB ChB in 1960. Internship was at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, followed by a year as Senior House Officer; and he received a Wellcome Trust research grant under Professor Ronald Girdwood, when he investigated megaloblastic anaemias associated with gastrointestinal malabsorption. He passed the examination for Membership of the Royal College of Physicians (MRCP) in both Internal Medicine and Haematology in 1964, and spent a further year taking the diploma course in 'Practical Haematology' with Professor Sir John Dacie at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School in London. Ala was elected Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians (FRCP) in 1970, and Fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists (FRCPath) in 1991. Medical career ===Researcher into haematology=== Fereydoun Ala definitively returned to Iran in 1965, soon after his father, Hossein Ala, died. He was appointed Assistant Professor at the Tehran University School of Medicine, Pahlavi (now Khomeini) Hospital in 1965, and was instrumental in establishing the first Clinical Haematology Department in Iran, equipped with its own modern laboratories, thanks to a personal research grant from the Wellcome Trust. He also established a haemostasis laboratory for the hitherto undiagnosed inherited blood coagulation disorders, such as the haemophilias and von Willebrands Disease. The only available treatment for these potentially crippling bleeding diseases at the time, was frozen fresh plasma and the newly discovered cryoprecipitated Factor VIII concentrate (Judith Pool in 1967), as industrial concentrates were not yet being marketed. Replacement therapy with this primitive, home-made plasma fraction, allowed major orthopaedic, abdominal and thoracic surgery to be carried out with success. Another first was the introduction of hepatitis B surface antigen testing, first described by Baruch Blumberg in 1965. Hepatitis B was a common cause of chronic liver disease in Iran, most particularly among haemophiliacs. In 1971, Ala organised the VIIth Congress of the World Federation of Haemophilia (WFH) in Tehran, the first such meeting held outside Europe or America and Canada. The Proceedings of the meeting, edited by F. Ala and KWE Denson were published by Elseviers, Excerpta Medica (Amsterdam) in 1973. Soon after, the Haemophilia Centre at the Pahlavi (now Emam Khomeini) Hospital was designated an International Haemophilia Treatment Centre (IHTC) by the WFH, one of only a handful of such centres at the time. He was also appointed Medical Secretary WFH, in 1970, as well as a Member of the WFH Medical and Scientific Advisory Committee in 1978. The dangerously primitive, fragmented state of blood transfusion in Iran, with its exclusive reliance upon blood bought from often addicted and diseased professional donors, drawn from the most deprived sectors of society, spurred Dr. Ala in 1972, to propose the creation of a centralised, state-funded national blood service for the recruitment of healthy, voluntary, non-remunerated donors, and the subsequent collection, testing, processing and distribution of blood and blood products to hospitals free-of-charge, in accordance with modern technical and ethical standards. The object was to take these vital services out of the commercialism of the market-place, and bring them into the realm of altruism and science. In 1974, a Parliamentary decree established the Iranian National Blood Transfusion Service (INBTS) as an independent legal entity; the Plan Organisation provided funding, and a High Council was appointed, chaired by the HIM Farah, Shahbanu of Iran. A crucial first step, after procuring a suitable building, purchasing all the myriad items of equipment required, and selecting and training qualified medical, technical and administrative staff, was conducting widespread publicity and blood donor recruitment campaigns, to alter public attitudes towards voluntary donation, and draw public attention to the dangers of current transfusion practice – a veritably transformative social revolution. Within a few years, the INBTS became self-sufficient in Tehran, as voluntary donors from every walk of life, provided for the needs of hospitals in the capital. In addition, complementary services, such as blood components, clinical immunology, histocompatibility testing to support the first organ transplant programmes, special and antenatal serology, frozen red cells, and plasma fractionation were added to the spectrum of activities. Obtaining official support for merging the entirely separate, poorly developed military blood services with the INBTS was a highly significant policy initiative (virtually unique in the Middle East, but for Israel), which provided access to armed forces personnel throughout the country. Ultimately, the Red Lion and Sun Society (latterly renamed the Red Crescent Society) blood centres were also merged with the INBTS. Following the success of the INBTS in Tehran, regional centres in other major cities, such as Shiraz, Mashhad, Ahvaz, Sari and Hamadan were also established, providing much the same range of services available in the capital, although Tehran fulfilled the role of a national reference and training centre and arbiter of quality. The INBTS (now termed IBTO – Iranian Blood Transfusion Organisation) is a World Health Organization Collaborating Centre, and remains the best developed such service in the Eastern Mediterranean Region, in terms of size, diversity, and academic achievement, and is exceptional in its exclusive reliance upon voluntary, unremunerated blood donation. Fereydoun Ala was appointed as Councillor to the International Society of Blood Transfusion (ISBT) in 1969. He also became a Member of the World Health Organization (WHO) Eastern Mediterranean Regional Advisory Committee on Medical Research in 1979, as well as a Member of the WHO Expert Advisory Panel on Human Blood Products and Related Substances in the same year. In Iran, he became the Director of the newly established Iranian Medical Research Committee (1975). ===Further career in the United Kingdom (1981 to 1999)=== In 1981, Fereydoun Ala moved from Iran to the UK, and was appointed Medical Director of the National Blood Service, West Midlands Region, Senior Lecturer at the Birmingham University Medical Faculty, and Consultant Haematologist at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital. During his tenure, the Centre was designated as a 'WHO Collaborating Centre for Training and Development in Blood Transfusion'. His further activities during this period included: Membership of the UK National Blood Transfusion Service Management Committee (1989); Chair of the UKBTS/NIBSC Standing Advisory Committee on Transfusion-Transmitted Infection (1993); his appointment as Councillor to the International Society of Blood Transfusion (ISBT) was renewed in 1998; finally, he was co-editor of 'Transfusion Today' the ISBT Journal. During this period, he acted as WHO Short-Term consultant in Blood Transfusion to Byelorussia, Cyprus, Djibouti, Egypt, India, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Pakistan, Syria, Tajikistan, Taiwan, Tunis, United Arab Emirates and Uzbekistan. Personal life Fereydoun Ala married Ann (née Sealy) and they had three sons, one, Arjan died in 1998, following a paragliding accident in Arizona. Ann also died soon after. Fereydoun later married his second wife Yekta Fazeli, only daughter of Lieutenant General Mohammad Fazeli.
Herman William March (1878 – 1953) was a mathematician and physicist.
Career Toomaga-Allen represented New Zealand under 20 in the 2010 IRB Junior World Championship. He made his debut for Wellington and for the Hurricanes in 2012, quickly becoming a regular starter for both teams. Jeffery Toomaga-Allen became All Black no. 1130, in the test against Japan on 2 November 2013. This came after he was called into the 2013 end-of-year tour squad as injury cover. Toomaga-Allen was not selected for the All Blacks in 2014, with Crusaders prop Joe Moody called in as injury cover for Tony Woodcock over Toomaga-Allen for the remainder of the 2014 Rugby Championship. Toomaga-Allen retained his spot as a regular for the Hurricanes and for Wellington though. Toomaga-Allen came off the bench in the 2015 Super Rugby Final, but this was lost to the Highlanders 14-21. Toomaga-Allen did not play in the following year's Grand Final which the Hurricanes won, due to his run of injuries. Toomaga-Allen re-established his place as a regular starter for the Hurricanes in 2017, starting against the British and Irish Lions on 27 June in a 31-31 draw. Toomaga-Allen also started in the knockout rounds of Super Rugby that year, but the Hurricanes lost the semi-final to the Lions in Johannesburg 44-29. After season-ending injuries to Joe Moody and Owen Franks, Toomaga-Allen was re-called to the All Blacks for the 2017 Rugby Championship but did not make an appearance for New Zealand that year until the 2017 end-of-year tour where he came off the bench against the 31-22 win against the Barbarians, replacing Ofa Tu'ungafasi with 13 minutes left. Toomaga-Allen made his first start for New Zealand ten days later when he took part in the 28-23 win over a French XV for 66 minutes before being replaced. Toomaga-Allen missed the first few rounds of the 2018 Super Rugby season due to injury but returned off the bench on 24 March 2018, during a 29-12 victory over the Highlanders. Toomaga-Allen returned to his starting position the week later when the Hurricanes beat the Sharks 38-37. After a good Super Rugby season, Toomaga-Allen was retained by the All Blacks for their 2018 Steinlager series against France, but he did not play in any of the three tests. Having played his 100th Super Rugby game for the Hurricanes on 20 July 2018, which was also departing team-mate Blade Thomson's 50th game. Toomaga-Allen's 100th game for the Hurricanes was also the quarter-final against the Chiefs, which the Hurricanes won 32-31 at home. Toomaga-Allen and the rest of the Hurricanes were dismissed from the competition the following week when they lost the semi-final to the Crusaders 12-30. Toomaga-Allen was not initially selected for the 2018 Rugby Championship, with newcomers Karl Tu'inukuafe and Tim Perry the preferred option for the All Blacks selectors. Toomaga-Allen was then instead named as the Vice-Captain for Wellington for the 2018 Mitre 10 Cup, under new captain Matt Proctor. However, Toomaga-Allen was called in as a precautionary injury cover for Ofa Tu'ungafasi. Toomaga-Allen then suffered his own hamstring injury, causing Angus Ta'avao to be called up for the All Blacks. On 17 January 2019, Allen will move to England to join top English Premiership side Wasps on an undisclosed-length deal from the 2019-20 season.
Robert Ivanovich Brichenok (17 January – 5 February 1972) was a Soviet artillery lieutenant general. He took part in World War I, Russian Civil war, Winter war and World War II.
Early life Hunt was born in Sydney, Australia, and lived in Pittsburgh and Crete before moving permanently to London. Hunt's father John was Emeritus Professor of Organisational Behaviour at the London Business School. Her sister is Kristina Murrin, an innovator and former Government policy advisor. Hunt was educated at the independent Lady Eleanor Holles School in Hampton, West London, followed by St John's College at the University of Cambridge, where she read English. Career Hunt joined the BBC in 1989 as a researcher, working on BBC Breakfast News. She went on to work on ''Newsnight'' and ''Panorama'', subsequently becoming editor of the BBC's ''One O'Clock News'' and the ''Six O'Clock News''. She led outside broadcast teams to cover the handover of Hong Kong to China and the first multiracial elections in South Africa. Hunt became BBC Birmingham's Executive Producer for Daytime in 2002, being promoted to Senior Commissioning Executive for Daytime in 2003 and then Controller of BBC Daytime and Early Peak with responsibility for programming across both BBC One and BBC Two between 9am and 7pm. In this role, she commissioned ''Great British Menu'', ''Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is'', ''The Heirhunters'', and ''Missing''. Hunt left the BBC for eight months in 2007, to replace Dan Chambers as Controller of Programmes for Five, and hired Natasha Kaplinsky from the BBC shortly afterwards. At Five, she commissioned Cowboy Builders, Extreme Fishing with Robson Green, Police Interceptors, Breaking into Tesco and Britain's Best Home. On 3 December 2007, it was announced that she would be returning to the BBC to take up the vacant post of Controller of BBC One in early 2008, replacing the resigning Peter Fincham following criticism over the handling of ''A Year with the Queen.'' She worked her notice at five until April 2008 before returning to the BBC as Controller of BBC One. In 2009, Hunt was accused of a conflict of interest after it was revealed she was secretary of a production company owned by her husband which had a contract with the BBC. The BBC said this did not breach their conflict of interest policy. In 2008 and 2009, BBC One won MGEITF Terrestrial Channel of the Year. At BBC One her commissions included ''Sherlock'', ''Mrs Brown's Boys'', ''Luther'', ''Criminal Justice'', ''Five Daughters'', ''Bang goes the Theory'', ''The Day the Immigrants Left and Famous'', ''Rich and Homeless''. She also commissioned Michael McIntyre's and John Bishop's first network programmes. In September 2010, Channel 4 announced Hunt's appointment to the new post of Chief Creative Officer. Immediately placed on "gardening leave" from the BBC, she joined Channel 4 in January 2011. While on leave, Hunt was a witness at the employment tribunal of the sacked ''Countryfile'' presenter Miriam O'Reilly, who accused Hunt of ageism and sexism. In January 2011, the day after Hunt began working at Channel 4, O'Reilly's claims for age discrimination and victimisation were upheld but the sexism claim was dismissed. As part of her strategy to improve the quality of ''Channel 4 News,'' from spring 2011 Hunt hired Matt Frei (Washington), Jackie Long (Social Affairs) and Michael Crick (Political Correspondent) from the BBC. Hunt has led what has been termed a "creative renaissance" at Channel 4, with her commissions including ''Humans'', ''Catastrophe'', ''Gogglebox'', ''Indian Summers'', ''The Island'', ''The Undateables'', ''Hunted'', ''Benefit Street'', ''First Dates'', ''Child Genius'' and ''The Secret Life of 4 Year Olds''. She led the team that delivered the BAFTA award-winning coverage of the 2012 London Paralympic Games and in 2015 brought Formula One to Channel 4 with a new three-year deal for the sport. Under her leadership, Channel 4 was named The Edinburgh TV Festival Channel of the Year in 2014 and 2016, and Broadcast Channel of the Year in 2016 – with the channel receiving industry awards including more BAFTA TV awards in 2014 and 2015, and more Royal Television Society Programme Awards than any other channel in 2014 and 2016. In 2015, Channel 4's audience share increased for the first time in nine years. In March 2016, Hunt delivered a Royal Television Society speech reflecting on her first five years at Channel 4 and the new creative culture she had established at the broadcaster. In February 2013, she was assessed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by ''Woman's Hour'' on BBC Radio 4. Hunt resigned from Channel 4 at the beginning of June 2017, and will leave in September after serving her notice. She had been seen as the most likely candidate to succeed David Abraham as chief executive and had been interviewed for the post. In October 2017, she was hired by Apple Inc. Personal life In June 2005, Hunt married Ian Blandford, formerly with BBC News who now works for the BBC College of Journalism and runs Brightspark TV. They have a son and daughter and live in Clapham.
Early life and rise to stardom Roberta's father Robert Sherwood was the manager of a traveling minstrel show; she and her sister Anne were raised on the road after their mother died. Roberta started performing in vaudeville at age 11, and the sisters soon became a vaudeville and nightclub act. In 1932 they met Broadway actor Don Lanning, who mentored Roberta and ultimately married her in 1938. They both abandoned careers to settle in Miami, opening a small nightclub where she continued to perform. After the restaurant lost its lease, they got a concession to operate a hotel lounge. In 1953 Don was diagnosed with lung cancer and lost their concession. After an attempt to start another nightclub failed, Sherwood began to seriously pursue her career. For several years she met with little success. A trip to Las Vegas, where she stayed with family friend Gene Austin, failed to advance her career. In September 1955 a chance meeting led to a nightclub gig in a Miami Beach club, and in January 1956 she suddenly became a success. The comedian Red Buttons became a fan and brought columnist Walter Winchell to see her; he gave her rave reviews. Soon she was performing in clubs nationwide and had a contract with Decca Records. She was profiled in ''Life'' magazine in October. A November 1956 ''Billboard'' poll of DJs picked her as the 19th most popular "album artist" and #8 on a list of "Most Promising Female Vocalists". Later career Sherwood's recordings were not tremendous successes; her only charting hit was "Lazy River", which hit #57 on the Hot 100 in 1956 – but she continued to have a singing and recording career into the 1970s. Her recordings apparently did well in jukeboxes, which perhaps explains why they continued to appear. She appeared four times on ''The Ed Sullivan Show'' and on many other variety shows of the late 1950s. She appeared on ''The Jackie Gleason Show'', as a singer. She was interviewed by Edward R. Murrow on Person to Person. In the 1960s she appeared once on Joey Bishop's sitcom and once on his talk show. She also appeared with her sons on a memorable 1964 ''Lucy Show'' with Lucille Ball as well as ''The Donna Reed Show''s 4th season episode "Donna Meets Roberta" (May 1962). Todon Productions, Donna Reed's production company, used the end of that episode to introduce the pilot of Sherwood's own show, which co-starred Gale Gordon but never aired. She continued to headline nightclubs into the late 1970s and toured in a variety show with Cyd Charisse, Anna Maria Alberghetti, and others in 1980. Sherwood was an occasional actress, appearing in a 1957 TV movie about the early life of George M. Cohan entitled "Mr. Broadway," in which she co-starred with Mickey Rooney, James Dunn, Gloria DeHaven and June Havoc, sporadically in the 1960s (including as the housekeeper in ''The Courtship of Eddie's Father''), and as late as 1978 had a bit part in an episode of ''The Incredible Hulk'' playing "Mrs. Waverly" in an episode titled "Earthquakes Happen". Last years She continued performing in the Los Angeles area well into the early 1990s and recorded a final album, "The Tribute Collection", in 1992, produced by her son Don. She is buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills).
Eumelus of Corinth (''Eumelos ho Korinthios''), of the clan of the Bacchiadae, is a semi-legendary early Greek poet to whom were attributed several epic poems as well as a celebrated ''prosodion'', the treasured processional anthem of Messenian independence that was performed on Delos. One small fragment of it survives in a quote by Pausanias. To Eumelus was also attributed authorship of several antiquarian epics composed in the Corinthian-Sicyonian cultural sphere, notably ''Corinthiaca'', an epic narrating the legends and early history of his home city Corinth. The ''Corinthiaca'' is now lost, but a written version of it was used by Pausanias in his survey of the antiquities of Corinth.
Alderman '''William Dauntesey''' (or '''Dauntsey''') was a London merchant and Master of the Worshipful Company of Mercers.
